MINNEAPOLIS (KFGO-AM) - A federal lawsuit has been filed on behalf of a woman who says she was sexually abused by a Catholic priest in the Crookston Diocese."
Peabody Energy filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in Missouri on Wednesday, reports the Financial Times, blaming a number of \"unprecedented\" factors that have affected the coal mining industry globally."
Canada plans to spell out a reset of its approach to drug policy in New York on Wednesday as officials from around the world gather for a special meeting being billed as the first of its kind in nearly two decades."
Britain could be wasting hundreds of millions of pounds worth of foreign aid intended for humanitarian causes because the Government does not know how the money is being spent, a committee of MPs has warned."
An order tightening rules for the withdrawal of provident fund money was rolled back within hours on Tuesday as protests by trade unions escalated, and street violence rocked the tech city of Bengaluru for the second day."
SYDNEY, April 20 (Reuters) - BHP Billiton on Wednesday cut its fiscal 2016 iron ore production guidance by 10 million tonnes to 260 million tonnes due to bad weather and rail maintenance, further reducing ore shipments into an oversupplied global market."
Psilocybin, the active ingredient in magic mushrooms, may one day be used to help treat the pain of social exclusion."
Corning's special toughened glass, known as Gorilla Glass, is ubiquitous."
Tumbling crude oil futures knocked Asian shares on Monday after producers' talks failed to agree on a plan to curb the global supply glut, while Tokyo stocks skidded as investors assessed the impact of a devastating earthquake in southwestern Japan."
New York was beset by voting irregularities, with widespread reports of people being inexplicably stripped from voter rolls and other snafus, prompting the New York City comptroller to announce an audit to identify failings in Tuesday's primary."
The Thane Police have summoned directors of Avon Lifesciences in connection with the ephedrine trafficking racket that was busted last week."
A noteworthy 100th anniversary was marked on Tuesday at the Alberta Legislature."
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says he is paying attention to a Conservative MP's complaint about the sexism she routinely faces in her work as a parliamentarian."
Elizabeth Warren's response to Ted Cruz's sacrifices : \"Boo hoo.\"."
Growth in Canada's greenhouse gas emissions stalled in 2014, but Environment Minister Catherine McKenna said on Tuesday that the country has an enormous task ahead to drive down emissions to meet international commitments."
The Indian government says it is still seeking to reclaim the priceless Koh-i-noor diamond from Britain, despite the Supreme Court being told otherwise."
The front-runner in the Philippine presidential race apologized Tuesday for a campaign rally remark about wanting to rape an Australian missionary who was assaulted and killed by prisoners during a hostage-taking in 1989."
Oil prices are higher as a workers' strike in Kuwait reduces output."
State Police are searching for a missing Woodbridge,, woman who hasn't been seen since Wednesday, though her car was found Saturday - miles away in Shenandoah National Park."
Life expectancy at birth for white, non-Hispanic females in the United States declined slightly from 2013 to 2014, a change that could be a statistical blip but still represents a rare drop for a major demographic group, according to new data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention."
The American Lung Association gives Knox County an ` F' grade in air quality."
ST. LOUIS - A federal judge approved an agreement Tuesday between the city of Ferguson and the U.S. Justice Department that calls for sweeping changes in Ferguson, where 18-year-old Michael Brown was fatally shot by a police officer."
Plans to build the world's largest methanol refinery in Tacoma have been canceled."
SAP SE SAP is slated to report first-quarter 2016 results on Apr 20."
Turkish Airlines will start five direct flights a week between Hanoi/Ho Chi Minh City and Istanbul 27 June."
Mid-sized software services firm Mindtree Ltd on Monday reported a 21.2 % growth in consolidated net profit at Rs.156 crore for the quarter ended 31 March."
In its latest report on government requests for user information released Monday, Apple revealed U.S. law enforcement agencies lodged 1, 015 requests for customer account information affecting 5, 192 users in the second half of 2015."
Invoking Atal Bihari Vajpayee's vision of ` Insaniyat, Kashmiriyat and Jamhooriat' as the way out to resolve problems in Jammu and Kashmir, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said both the Centre and state government will work closely for taking the state to \"new heights\" of development."
BHP Billiton on Wednesday cut its fiscal 2016 iron ore production guidance by 10 million tonnes to 260 million tonnes due to bad weather and rail maintenance, further reducing ore shipments into an oversupplied global market."
Ian Burkhart lost the use of his hands and legs in 2011, when a diving accident left him paralyzed."
Unique stencil codes used by Malaysia airlines prove ` almost certainly' that two pieces of aircraft debris found in Mozambique are from missing flight MH370."
The government on Tuesday kept in abeyance for three more months the proposed move to bar withdrawal of employer's contribution to the provident fund corpus until the employee attains the age of 58 years."
India will appeal against WTO panel's ruling that the country's power purchase agreements with solar firms were \"inconsistent\" with international norms, in the next few days."
Bombay High Court on Tuesday allowed IPL match between Mumbai Indians and Rising Pune Supergiants to be held in Pune on May 1."
Lexmark International has agreed to be acquired by Apex Technology and PAG Asia Capital for $3.6 billion or $40.50 per share."
Invests $2, 204, 000 in McDonald's Co.."
In a new interview, Joe Biden defended the controversial 1994 crime bill that he helped draft as a senator and was signed into law by President Bill Clinton."
Magic Leap, one of the most secretive and most-hyped startups out there has a new demo out of its long-awaited augmented reality platform."
Good news from WWBT.com in Richmond, Virginia home of the Fourth Circuit ."
Authorities say a southwestern Michigan morning radio show host and her husband have been found dead in a suspected murder-suicide."
The body of Indian prisoner Kirpal Singh, who died under suspicious circumstances in a Lahore jail last week, arrived in India on Tuesday."
European stocks look set to open lower on Wednesday after rising for a second day to hit a three-month high in the previous session."
The Welsh construction sector is firmly in growth mode, with private house building driving the ongoing upward trend in activity."
Older adults might want to avoid a using class of drugs commonly used in over-the-counter products such as nighttime cold medicines due to their links to cognitive impairment, a research team led by scientists at Indiana University School of Medicine has recommended."
A 50-wagon train carrying 25 lakh litres of water that left Miraj in Sangli district of Maharashtra on Tuesday reached Latur on Wednesday morning."
First Nations leaders from British Columbia were scheduled to travel to Ottawa this week to make their case against a proposed liquefied natural gas project near Prince Rupert."
Craters with bright material on dwarf planet Ceres shine in new images from NASA's Dawn mission."
Four of the world's largest multilateral organizations joined hands Tuesday in the fight to help developing countries fight tax evasion."
VMware Inc reported a better-than-expected rise in quarterly revenue as strong growth in its newer software offerings more than offset declining demand for its traditional server-virtualization software."
The federal deficits projected by the Liberal government in each of the next five years will likely be smaller than forecast."
Asia markets advanced on Wednesday morning, supported by broad dollar weakness and higher oil prices overnight, with Japanese stocks extending gains from the previous session on the back of a relatively weaker yen."
Thousands of people are expected to descend on San Francisco's Golden Gate Park to smoke pot for the annual 4/20 celebration, the unofficial marijuana holiday that some say has its roots in the Bay Area."
Netherlands - A Dutch court on Wednesday quashed a $50 billion award Russia had been ordered to pay the former majority shareholders of Yukos, a major victory for Moscow in the high-stakes dispute over the dismantling of what was once Russia's largest oil producer."
Online payday lenders often collect loan payments by automatically debiting bank accounts, which has put borrowers who can not pay on the hook for almost $200 in fees and other penalties besides the costs of their loans."
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal said civil servants should become part of his \"honest, transparent\" government and serve the people of Delhi."
Mining giant BHP Billiton followed rival Rio Tinto in trimming its iron ore output guidance on Wednesday, helping to ease pressure on an oversupplied market."
Malaysia Airlines Berhad said on Tuesday that its chief executive officer and managing director Christoph Mueller will leave in September, well before the end of his three-year contract."
New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez, who chairs the Republican Governors Association, voiced her support Tuesday for the embattled governor of North Carolina after canceling a visit to the state amid controversy over a new law involving access to public restrooms by transgender people."
Lawyers representing thousands of diesel Volkswagen owners are asking a judge for repairs and compensation if the government and the company fail to agree on a fix for vehicles designed to circumvent clean-air laws."
After offering an undercover sheriff's deputy $20 for oral sex in in the October prostitution sting, Vintyre Finney was placed in cuffs."
As U.S. Rep. Brendan Boyle (D-Pa.)."
World press freedom deteriorated in 2015, especially in the Americas, advocacy group Reporters Without Borders said on Wednesday as it released its annual rankings, warning of \"a new era of propaganda\"."
Today analysts at Numis reiterated Punch Taverns PLC's shares as ` Buy' in a report released to investors."
EU diplomatic chief Federica Mogherini stressed that the European Union does not recognise Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the annexed territory would \"forever\" remain in his country's hands."
The state Senate promised a thoughtful and thorough review of public charter schools that would build on their successes and address their shortcomings."
Technology and consulting companies dominate Glassdoor's new annual ranking of the highest-paying workplaces in America."
Second Genome, a South San Francisco, CA-based biotech using microbiome research to develop traditional small-molecule drugs, has tapped an unusual group of private investors for nearly $43 million in a Series B round of financing."
Residents of a Quebec town are shocked and furious after learning notorious schoolgirl killer Karla Homolka is living among them."
General Motors has reported a 2.5 % drop in global vehicle sales across the first quarter of 2016."
British Gas is proposing to cut 684 office-based jobs and close an office in Oldbury under plans to \"consolidate\" its operations."
Expatriates who want to be allowed to vote in the European Union referendum are taking their case to the High Court."
On 19 April, The Board of Control for Cricket in India appointed Rahul Johri as the Chief Executive Officer."
How much does Paul Ryan want to drive home the notion that he does not want the Republican presidential nomination ?"
A Ukrainian court on Monday sentenced two Russian servicemen captured last year to 14 years in prison after finding them guilty of terrorism and waging war in eastern Ukraine."
St. Jude Medical Inc. on Wednesday reported first-quarter net income of $95 million."
Several city council members are accusing Ridesharing Works for Austin, the political action committee for transportation networking companies, of misleading the public through their commercials and ads."
The poll found 87 percent of Americans believe that humans contribute at least a little bit to climate change."
Critics are assailing airlines for removing individuals from flights for allegedly no other reason than \"flying while Muslim.\"."
France plans to extend the state of emergency in place since November's attacks on Paris for a further two months to ensure security at the Euro 2016 soccer tournament, Prime Minister Manuel Valls said on Wednesday."
Current NUS Black Students' Officer Malia Bouattia has been elected President of the National Union of Students at their National Conference."
A study measuring the extent of coral bleaching in Australia's iconic Great Barrier Reef is branding some of the northern reef's problem as \"extreme.\"."
Vice President Joe Biden defended his role in crafting the 1994 crime bill, saying that the controversial legislation signed by President Bill Clinton \"restored American cities.\"."
The widower of an Israeli stabbing victim slammed the UN for blocking the path to peace by condemning Israel and spewing lies, the Algemeiner reported."
An Australian mother and TV crew who were caught up in a high-profile child custody battle and detained in Beirut have been released on bail."
Today the U.S. Supreme Court will hear oral argument in three consolidated cases that pose the following question : \"Whether, in the absence of a warrant, a State may make it a crime for a person to refuse to take a chemical test to detect the presence of alcohol in the person's blood.\"."
Two days after Chapra court was rocked by a blast injuring four persons, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar today said foolproof security arrangements would be made in courts of the state."
A Michigan judge on Wednesday announced that three state officials will face criminal charges over their involvement in the contamination of Flint, Michigan's drinking water that has led to a crisis in the city."
The Election Commission of India on Wednesday issued a show cause notice to TMC poll candidate Rezzak Mollah for passing controversial remarks on the personal lifestyle of actress turned BJP leader Roopa Ganguly."
Norwegian mass murderer Anders Breivik had his human rights violated while in prison, a court has ruled."
Short of savings and burdened by debt, America's millennials are struggling to afford their first homes in the face of sharply higher prices in many of the most desirable cities."
Russian and NATO envoys are unlikely to ease the worst tensions since the Cold War very much when they meet today in their highest-level talks on security in almost two years."
Thousands of people in Houston were affected by record flash flooding."
A student at Brigham Young University says her school's Honor Code Office began investigating her after she told police she was raped."
Crude oil prices slumped on Wednesday after Kuwait oil workers called off a three-day strike, a key support that kept oil prices afloat after major global producers failed to agree to a production freeze last weekend."
Attorney General Roy Cooper has a growing lead over Gov. Pat McCrory in their race for governor, a new poll shows."
The search for a missing boater continues overnight in the waters of Tampa Bay approximately two miles west of Little Harbor in Ruskin."
The CBI has posted a chart on Twitter to reinforce its claim that a majority of businesses are opposed to Brexit."
The Treasury Department will announce on Wednesday afternoon that it will redesign the $10 bill by 2020, and women's groups fear the agency will keep a woman off the front, bowing to the Broadway-stoked mania around the bill's current star, Alexander Hamilton."
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff, right, with supporters in Brasilia."
A study by an American university of wildlife in the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone confirms that animals are \"abundant\" in the area."
Target Corp said on Tuesday that transgender employees and customers can use the bathroom that corresponds with their gender identity, taking a stand on an issue at the center of a heated national debate."
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew will announce on Wednesday that Harriet Tubman will replace former President Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill, Politico reported Wednesday."
The mother of a black teenager fatally shot this week by Chicago police is suing the city and two officers."
Comedian Victoria Wood has died after a short battle with cancer, aged 62."
AOL's latest acquisition will bring 360-degree video and virtual reality content to the Huffington Post."
The Centre has rejected the proposal of the Tamil Nadu government to release seven convicts in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case."
A judge with the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia has dismissed an injunction filed by a popular hot dog entrepreneur."
Lebanese Al-Manar TV and activists say a deal to evacuate 500 residents of four besieged Syrian communities has been reached."
The most powerful aftershock yet has just struck Ecuador, just four days after a 7.8-magnitude quake killed at least 525 people."
The Capital Region's unemployment rate fell to 4.3 percent in March from 4.8 percent a year ago, the state Labor Department reported Tuesday."
At least seven policemen were killed when unidentified gunmen opened fire on police vehicles in Orangi Town on Wednesday, local TV channel reported."
Google is warning you to watch out for, well, Google."
Mitsubishi Motors shares dived 15 percent in Tokyo Wednesday in response to reports that the Japanese automaker conducted improper emissions tests, in the wake of a massive pollution-cheating scandal at Volkswagen."
Migrants living in an unofficial camp on Greece's northern border with Macedonia have briefly clashed with police after a camp resident was injured, allegedly by a police van."
ARM Holdings, the provider of technology for the iPhone, reported a 14 percent rise in first-quarter profit, outperforming a weak semiconductor market as its most advanced chips were used in an increasing number of smartphones."
SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- A California Senate on Tuesday blocked legislation aimed at preventing ride-hailing services Uber and Lyft from adjusting their prices based on demand, a practice known as \"surge pricing\" that is at the heart of the companies' business models."
John Kasich proclaimed himself at home on Market Square in a homecoming of sorts this afternoon."
Global mining company Anglo American Plc said Finance Director Rene Medori would retire in 2017 when he reaches the age of 60."
Succumbing to mounting pressure from Jewish leaders, Bernie Sanders' campaign announced April 14 that it is suspending its newly installed Jewish outreach coordinator.Hoenlein's group, along with other mainstream Jewish organizations, had petitioned for Zimmerman's firing.In a Facebook post a year ago, Zimmerman called Netanyahu an \"arrogant, deceptive, cynical, manipulative asshole\" and wrote, \"Fuck you, Bibi\"."
Uttarakhand Police horse Shaktiman, which was injured during a BJP protest in Dehradun, has died."
Most people that suffer through seasonal allergies have a love/hate relationship with spring."
A batch of women activists were allegedly manhandled by a group of locals while they were trying to enter into the sanctum sanctorum of the famous Trimbakeshwar temple today, following which the police booked 200 persons."
At 9:15 AM, the S&P BSE Sensex is trading at 25, 898 up 81 points, while NSE Nifty is trading at 7, 921 mere six points."
Patricio Aylwin, 97, the former president who led Chile's transition to democracy from dictatorship in 1990, has died."
LeEco unveils its first electric sedan, the LeSEE, in Beijing."
Prince George features on a Royal Mail postage stamp for the first time as part of 10 special stamps released to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday."
U.S. home resales rebounded more than expected in March, suggesting the housing market recovery remained intact despite signs that economic growth probably stalled in the first quarter."
Loneliness and social isolation have been linked to a 30 % increase in the risk of having a stroke or coronary artery disease, the two major causes of death and illness in wealthy societies."
Qualcomm reported on Wednesday its financials for the previous fiscal quarter."
Polling for the crucial third phase of West Bengal Assembly election for 62 seats, including seven constituencies in Kolkata, will be held on Thursday."
A computer glitch has caused many New Jersey schools to postpone PARCC testing."
This is me as Bob Marley, via Snapchat's new 4/20 filter, which blends your face with Bob Marley's."
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan cautioned that being the world's fastest-growing major economy shouldn't breed complacency, setting in context his remark that \"in the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king\"."
Seven fossil teeth exposed by the Panama Canal expansion project are the first evidence of a monkey on the North American continent before the Isthmus of Panama connected it to South America 3.5 million years ago."
Researchers have known for years that poor oral health, including bleeding gums and lots of missing teeth, are associated with a higher risk of getting pancreatic cancer."
There is one often overlooked reason to be concerned about David Cameron's plan to turn all schools into academies."
Updated with FCC comment : Comcast is relaxing its grip on the set-top box, just as it and other cable operators line up to oppose an FCC effort to help manufacturers produce competitive boxes."
Israel is likely to feel some blowback from Intel's Wednesday announcement that the company would lay off 12, 000 workers, or about 11 % of its workforce."
The backlash against North Carolina's new \"bathroom law\" has focused on transgender rights."
Surge pricing, introduced for the ongoing phase of the \"odd-even\" scheme, is \"daylight robbery\" and ban on it will be made permanent and all app-based taxi aggregators will have to charge fares being fixed under a new policy, Delhi government announced today."
Citrix Systems reported Q1 EPS of $1.18, $0.26 better than the analyst estimate of $0.92."
A management buyout of Tata's UK steel operations could use a crowd funding model to help gather the financial firepower needed to save the business from closure."
A group of House Republicans presented a report Wednesday that they say shows an abortion clinic and a tissue procurement company have profited from the sale of fetal tissue, while Democrats at the hearing countered that their evidence was unreliable."
The state House has failed to override Gov. Bill Haslam's veto of a bill to make Tennessee the first state to designate the Bible as its official book."
Alberta is calling on the federal government to take quicker action on the dangerous drug W-18."
Kinder Morgan Inc posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday."
Alex Schadenberg, executive director of the Euthanasia Prevention Coalition."
Toymaker Mattel Inc reported a smaller-than-expected drop in quarterly net sales, as strong demand for its Hot Wheels and Fisher-Price toys helped offset the loss of a lucrative Disney license."
The Republican National Committee on Wednesday announced that it raised $135 million through the end of March, calling it a record for a presidential cycle."
Bowing to pressure from the hospital industry and Congress, the Obama administration on Wednesday delayed releasing its new hospital quality rating measure just a day before its planned launch."
Voters cast their ballots in Brooklyn during New York's presidential primaries Tuesday."
Earth's record heat streak has hit a record 11 months."
Senator Bernie Sanders is the most successful Jewish presidential candidate to date."
American Express Co. on Wednesday reported first-quarter net income of $1.39 billion."
The Southern California Gas Co. says a new natural gas and oil leak occurred in the area where a leak spewed massive amounts of gas into the air for nearly four months and drove thousands of people out of their homes."
Some Southern California water providers say local districts should be responsible for setting their own conservation target to meet the state's drought emergency."
The Supreme Court on Wednesday unanimously upheld the state legislative districts in Arizona drawn by an independent commission, rebuffing complaints that the electoral maps diminished the clout of Republican voters."
EIGHTEEN Scottish businesses have received a new Queen's Award for Enterprise."
Wall Street was just 1 percent short of a record-high close on Wednesday as a rebound in oil prices added to optimism sparked by a raft of earnings reports that beat low expectations."
Software services exporter Wipro has reported consolidated profit of Rs 2, 235 crore in quarter ended March 2016, nearly flat compared to Rs 2, 234.1 crore in preceding quarter."
OTTAWA -- A verdict is expected Thursday in the trial of Sen. Mike Duffy, who faces 31 charges related to his Senate expense claims."
An 1874 Ohio law may come into play this summer at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland."
Delhi Metro Rail Corporation has awarded an exclusive 10 years license to Techno Sat Comm for providing free Wi-Fi on the whole Delhi Metro Network including 222 trains, 187 stations and 250 + km track route."
The mayor of Golden hopes a battle pitting Canadian Pacific Railway against his town and several commercial river rafting companies will be water under the bridge by the weekend."
Two New York Police Department detectives are charged with assaulting a uniformed postal worker who they knew had given street directions to a stranger who later killed two policemen in 2014."
Digital First Media announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell The Salt Lake Tribune and its Affiliates (the \"Tribune\") to Paul Huntsman, son of businessman and philanthropist Jon M. Huntsman, Sr.."
A federal judge ruled today that the FBI did not obtain the proper warrant before hacking a child porn website and that the evidence it collected against one of the defendants, Alex Levin, must be suppressed."
POLITICO's coverage of the race for the Republican presidential nomination."
An Ontario judge has found that the provincial government \"substantially interfered\" with teachers' right to collective bargaining."
The Internet Watch Foundation, an online child sex abuse charity, said on Thursday that the number of reports of images and videos containing child abuse had increased by 417 percent over the last two years."
An Election Day hotline will be available for those voting in the Presidential Primary on Tuesday, April 19."
Ted Cruz is conceding he can not win the Republican presidential nomination before the party's national convention this summer."
Wipro, which reported fourth quarter numbers on Wednesday, hopes to return to industry leading growth in next two-three years, the company's CEO Abidali Neemuchwala said."
Two aging dams deemed \"extremely high risk\" by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers are at record pooling levels in Houston's west side after this week's torrential rainfall, but are working well and have undergone improvements in recent years."
The Republican National Committee Rules Committee meets here on Thursday amid calls for changes to convention rules that could make it easier for a new Republican presidential candidate to emerge to take on Donald Trump and Ted Cruz."
The bodies of four people killed when a small airplane crashed Wednesday and burst into flames have been recovered from a heavily wooded area north of Anchorage."
CRISPRainbow, a new technology using CRISPR/Cas9 developed by scientists at UMass Medical School, allows researchers to tag and track up to seven different genomic locations in live cells."
On a less dovish ECB, EUR/USD could squeeze to $1.1500."
Las Vegas Sands Corp. shares sank in extended trading Wednesday after the casino operator reported a disappointing first-quarter profit and said operations in Macau remain challenging."
Cheers, chants and a full house greeted former President Bill Clinton as he took the stage at Pitt-Johnstown on behalf of his wife former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who is campaigning to run as the Democratic candidate for president."
Last month, as many as 16 private developers showed keen interest in taking up the multi-crore Dharavi Redevelopment Project."
Michael Sam, the first openly gay NFL draftee, slammed a Missouri measure that would shield some businesses that deny services for same-sex weddings, telling fellow opponents Wednesday that it is \"the opposite of respect and it is the opposite of equality.\"."
The rest of the world's steel producers may be pressuring Beijing to slash output and help reduce a global glut that is causing losses and costing jobs, but the opposite is happening in the steel towns of China."
The line of hopeful spectators began Wednesday at the high school gym where Donald Trump was coming to speak in Berlin, jutted around a corner behind the school and finally ended in an empty corn field."
Boeing stock tumbled Wednesday after an analyst downgraded the shares to \"underperform\" and said the U.S. planemaker stood little chance of fully recovering almost $29 billion that's been sunk into producing the 787 Dreamliner jet."
Today First Bank reported financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2016."
A media report said that India had been asked to negotiate tariffs on goods and services or leave the talks."
Five former New Orleans police officers pleaded guilty Wednesday to the 2005 shooting on a bridge involving unarmed civilians in the chaotic days after Hurricane Katrina."
Anyone in Newfoundland who thought winter is gone, better think again."
Businessman Vijay Mallya was on Wednesday convicted by a Hyderabad court in a cheque bounce case."
Oil prices gained Wednesday as a government report showed U.S. crude output continued to contract."
Several analysts have recently updated their ratings and price targets for United Continental Holdings ."
We're excited to announce the launch of our cross-platform and personalized news recommendations bot on Facebook Messenger."
India is slated to put into orbit its seventh and final navigation satellite on April 28, thereby having its full satellite navigation system up in the sky."
A powerful explosion ripped through an oil plant on the southern coast of the Gulf of Mexico on Wednesday, injuring three workers."
Shah Rukh Khan, on Wednesday, shared his words of appreciation for Dipa Karmakar, who after creating history by becoming the first Indian woman gymnast to qualify for the Olympics, sealed a gold medal in the women's vaults finals at the test event of the Rio Games."
Mayor John Tory is promising to hold a public meeting on \"equality issues\" with community leaders, including members of Black Lives Matter."
The British Foreign Office has released an advisory warning travelers to be aware of controversial new laws in North Carolina and Mississippi before visiting the United States."
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday launched a sharp attack on Congress over the Ishrat Jahan case, accusing it of \"seriously compromising\" national security for \"overt political reasons\"."
A British exit from the European Union would hurt London's status as a global financial centre because international banks could move away and euro trading would be hit."
A big shake up in Morning TV, Michael Strahan is leaving Live with Kelly and Michael for Good Morning America."
The Treasury Department allocated the final $1 billion in the Hardest Hit Fund to 12 states and the District of Columbia."
Donald Trump, after notching a big win in New York, is planning to roll out significant changes in his campaign, including giving a policy speech on foreign affairs and using teleprompters and a speechwriter."
US oil prices rose on Thursday, tracking a rebound on Wall Street, though a gloomy demand forecast from the International Energy Agency limited gains."
Nicola Sturgeon made a personal plea for Scots to elect her as their first minister as she launched the SNP's Holyrood election manifesto."
Sky has reported a 12 % rise in operating profit to # 1.1 billion in the nine months to March, driven by strong growth in Europe."
After the financial crisis of 2008, American consumers had to grudgingly get used to receiving no interest income on their savings accounts."
It looks like McDonald's Big Mac might be joined by a larger version of the iconic hamburger called the Grand Mac, and a smaller one, the Mac Jr.."
Asian stocks rose in early trading Thursday, buoyed by a rise in U.S. stocks following an uptick in oil prices."
A former Louisiana district attorney has pleaded guilty to a charge that he harassed a witness and tried to get rid of evidence for a federal grand jury investigation that targeted the veteran prosecutor."
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has signed a bill banning all movies filmed in Russia after 2014, when Russia annexed the Crimean peninsula."
Carnival Corp. made the right call regarding cruises from Miami to Cuba, but this drama is not over."
Citing quality and safety concerns, the National Institutes of Health has suspended production at two facilities which manufacture sterile or infused products for use in clinical studies."
A young techie committed suicide by inhaling nitrogen as he was depressed over the failure of a mobile application developed by him."
The Economic Offences Wing today said close to 20, 000 prospective buyers seem to have registered in Maple Group's controversial project which promised one-bedroom flats for Rs 5 lakh, a day after a case of cheating was registered against senior executives of the firm even as the Group today expressed \"regret\" over the \"confusion\"."
The consumer drones that opened the skies to the public may one day be giving a bird's eye view to Chinese authorities."
There are severe water shortages and drought affecting more than 300 million people in India."
Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders will remain with the party if he does not get the nomination."
The Honda Clarity Fuel Cell isn't even in customer hands yet, but Honda already is announcing the addition of two other Clarity models."
A mother who was found dead at home after her toddler daughter was spotted walking herself to nursery had been drinking and taking drugs in the hours before her death, an inquest heard."
The number of migrants and refugees crossing the Aegean Sea from Turkey into Europe is falling significantly, as collective efforts are making a difference in the migrant crisis, NATO General Secretary Jens Stoltenberg said on Thursday."
Any chance for Canadians to publicly discuss our national interests, foreign policy objectives and resulting defence requirements is always important."
The first of two back-to-back earthquakes struck the southern Japanese island of Kyushu one week ago Thursday night."
Centrica plc said it has agreed to acquire Neas Energy A/S, a provider of energy management and revenue optimization services in Europe for decentralized third-party owned assets, for 1.6 billion Danish Krone, or 170 million pounds in cash plus adjustments for cash and net working capital."
Swiss drugmaker Novartis said first-quarter core net income fell 13 percent as it continues to suffer from patent expiries, a struggling eyecare business and lackluster sales of its new heart medicine."
Japanese mobile giant SoftBank on Thursday hit back at a bid by a group of investors to unseat the former Google executive seen as heir apparent to its billionaire founder Masayoshi Son."
Culture secretary John Whittingdale has said he still believes in a free press, despite recent revelations about his private life."
Morgan Stanley on Monday reported quarterly earnings that topped analysts' expectations, but profit more than halved as the Wall Street bank's trading and investment banking businesses took a hit from market volatility early in the year."
An insurance industry group says a hailstorm that hit the San Antonio area last week proved to be the costliest in Texas history, with damage estimated at nearly $1.4 billion."
Britain is to take in another 3, 000 refugees fleeing war in Syria after the Government faced repeated demands the UK us not doing enough."
The Islamic State, notorious for its brutality, has reportedly executed 250 girls in northern Iraq for refusing to become sex slaves."
The Palestinian Islamist group Hamas says one of its members was behind Monday's bus bombing in Jerusalem."
Most Jews around the world say the traditional \"Next year in Jerusalem\" at the end of the annual Passover Seder feast."
Two men have been found guilty of smuggling assault rifles and sub-machine guns into the UK."
According to a report issued to investors by Exane BNP Paribas on Tuesday, shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC ORD had their rating reiterated by analysts to ` Underperform'."
Citigroup's quarterly profit plunged 27 % as its trading revenue fell and its costs related to shrinking some businesses rose."
Under Armour Inc. reports first-quarter results before the open Thursday."
Taiwan's judicial authorities have detained 18 telecom fraud suspects and slapped a travel ban on two more."
No word on Yahoo from one of the strong contenders to buy the troubled Internet giant, but today Verizon (which now owns TechCrunch) reported its own mixed earnings for Q1."
Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Chicago's new police superintendent say the city will immediately implement about a third of the recommendations made last week by a police accountability task force."
Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.09 EPS."
China announced plans to help ships flying its flag to navigate the Arctic via a Northwest Passage route that will be 30 % shorter than the ocean passages or routes traditionally used to connect the northern Atlantic and Pacific oceans through the Panama Canal."
The Financial Conduct Authority has today published a consultation on its proposed rules and guidance for the secondary annuity market."
The Paris Agreement to try to cap global warming at 1.5 degrees Celsius was a stunning political victory for poor countries threatened by climate change."
Union Pacific Corp. on Thursday reported first-quarter earnings of $979 million."
A tiger is seen at the Palm Beach Zoo in West Palm Beach, Florida."
A unnamed celebrity who wants to keep his name out of a tabloid newspaper story is set to ask the UK's most senior judge to consider his case."
Germans and Singaporeans can't watch the latest season of \"House of Cards\" on Netflix."
SWIFT and Accenture have released a new paper investigating how Distributed Ledger Technologies (DLTs) could be used in financial services."
The risk of stroke or major adverse cardiovascular event during the first 3 months after a transient ischemic attack or minor stroke appears to be at least half that previously reported, a large international registry revealed."
The UK secret police are spying on everything you do, and with only the flimsiest of safeguards in place to prevent abuse, according to more than a thousand pages of documents published today as a result of a lawsuit filed by Privacy International."
The prime minister has become the ambassador for Canadian men's fashion."
Wisconsinites across the state wake up every morning to go to work and do their job."
Security was ramped up at Santee Education Complex in South Los Angeles Wednesday, one day after some students clashed with protesters who rallied outside the campus to protest the recent opening of a gender - neutral bathroom on the campus."
In a clinical trial of the immunotherapy drug pembrolizumab, half of 25 patients with a rare type of virus-linked skin cancer called Merkel cell carcinoma experienced substantial tumor shrinkage lasting nearly three times as long, on average, than with conventional chemotherapy."
U.S. solar energy company SunEdison filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Thursday, becoming one of the largest non-financial companies to do so in the past 10 years."
U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren is taking the Securities and Exchange Commission to task for allowing Steven Cohen back in the hedge fund game just months after the billionaire settled allegations that he failed to supervise a convicted insider trader."
German Chancellor Angela Merkel gives a statement on April 15 about Turkey's request to seek prosecution of a German comedian who read aloud a sexually crude poem about the president of Turkey."
Up to 500 people are feared dead after a shipwreck in the Mediterranean Sea last week, the U.N. refugee agency said Wednesday."
Greece and its international lenders made progress in negotiations on economic reforms but a final accord needed to unlock badly needed bailout loans remained elusive."
New Orleans police say the first officer to arrive on the scene of the shooting death of former Saints player Will Smith found a gun on the hood of a vehicle with the empty magazine removed and one round in the chamber."
Transgender people should be able to use whatever bathroom they want, Donald Trump said Thursday."
Hamas has deployed forces along the Egyptian-Gaza border to counter Cairo's concerns it is aiding militants from the Islamic State group in Egypt's lawless Sinai Peninsula."
Conway-based Home Bancshares continues to execute on its fast-track growth operations plan as the bank holding company posted a 33 % increase in its first quarter earnings and saw its 20th straight quarter of profit growth, company officials announced before the opening of trade on Thursday."
Army veteran Joe Aguirre opens a restaurant door, then steps aside to let his golden retriever take point."
The victory party after her New York win was classic Clinton : carefully managed and perfectly manicured."
Hapag-Lloyd is in talks with United Arab Shipping Company over a possible merger of operations."
One way health programs today are trying to reduce the growing problem of childhood obesity in the United States is by making parents aware that their child is overweight."
General Motors Co on Thursday reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings, citing strong results in North America and an improved performance in Europe."
South African President Jacob Zuma said on Thursday that an investigation into a major government arms deal arranged in the late 1990s had found no evidence of corruption or fraud."
Key Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam was charged Thursday with attempted murder over a deadly shootout with police in Brussels a week before the suicide bombings in the Belgian capital."
The Competition and Markets Authority has warned estate agents against colluding to join the On The Market property portal, deliberately cutting off business from either Rightmove or Zoopla."
A 15-year-old girl died after she was assaulted at her Delaware high school."
Why do we sleep poorly the first night we stay in an unfamiliar place ?"
U.S. regulators proposed new rules on Thursday to overhaul the way Wall Street executives are paid, addressing years of complaints that excessive bonuses and salaries helped lead to the 2008 financial crisis."
According to a new study, an asteroid strike on earth 66 million years ago may have been the catalyst but not the cause that wiped out dinosaurs from the planet."
Solar Impulse 2 will resume its record-breaking solar-powered journey around the world Thursday when it takes off from Hawaii on a 62-hour flight to California."
All cars tested in a Government inquiry set up in the wake of the Volkswagen diesel emissions scandal exceed laboratory limits for nitrogen oxide (NOx) when tested in real world conditions."
France will hold an international conference in Paris on May 30 in a bid relaunch talks between Palestinians and Israelis by the end of the year."
For as long as Apple has designed creative invitations to its media events, geeks have treated them as the technical equivalent of a Rorschach test."
Attorney General Avichai Mandelblit rules the Women of the Wall can not hold a priestly blessing prayer service on Sunday at the Western Wall."
The Supreme Court on Wednesday cleared the way for families of victims of the 1983 Marine barracks bombing in Beirut and other terror attacks linked to Iran to collect nearly $2 billion in frozen Iranian funds."
Police arrested 17 activists denouncing the \"Jewish establishment's support of the occupation of Palestine\" on April 20 in the lobby of the Anti-Defamation League during one of a series of Passover protests organized by anti-occupation group If Not Now."
TaskRabbit announced a detailed plan to improve the diversity of its workforce today."
Prince died at his Minnesota home Thursday. He was 57 years old. The authorities were called to the 57-year-old's home Paisley Park estate Thursday morning around 10 a.m. and the Carver County Sheriff's Department confirmed that there was a death at the scene."
Two female students allege that Kansas State University has refused to investigate their rapes and other sex assaults at off-campus fraternity houses."
Provision of information about potential job losses following the closure of the Business, Innovation and Skills office in Sheffield by the government has been \"unsatisfactory and misleading\", chairs of two parliamentary committees have warned."
As the price of pulses started going up sharply again after steep rise in last October, raising concerns about repeat of that phenomenon, Government has announced several measures to curb prices including releasing stock of tur and urad from buffer, empowers states to put stock limits and IT raids traders in Maharashtra while market regulator has increased margin on chana futures."
As the Zika virus and a host of other diseases carried by mosquitoes continue to threaten parts of Brazil, a new technique involving the smell of human sweat and a billboard has been deployed."
Remains of a baby titanosaur, just weeks old when it died, have been found in Madagascar -- and it was surprisingly small."
HOUSTON -- A pregnant woman, who recently lived in El Salvador, has tested positive for the Zika virus."
The in-depth \"Wellderly\" study has provided its first glimpse of the genetic secrets behind healthy aging to 80 and beyond."
LONDON -- FBI Director James Comey alluded to the fact the bureau paid more than $1 million for the method used to disable the security feature of the San Bernardino shooter's iPhone."
The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell last week, hitting its lowest level since 1973, suggesting the labor market continued to gain momentum despite weak economic growth."
Several members of the American Studies Association announced Wednesday that they are suing their own academic association for its boycott of Israel, arguing that the boycott violates a District of Columbia law that applies to non-profit organizations."
Although difficult patients can be disruptive, far more distracting is the electronic health record that I am obligated to use."
Federal authorities have reached a $2.2 million settlement with a New York City hospital over filming by a television documentary crew that disclosed two patients' health information without their authorization."
Valkyrie has today announced that the game will be playable across all three virtual reality headsets."
House Republicans sidestepped the divisive fight over displays of the Confederate battle flag at the U.S. Capitol with plans to put up state coins instead."
With proliferation of telecom network and emergence of new business models in the sector, India could be home to 500 million smartphones very soon, Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad today said."
South Sudan's government and rebels are wrangling over weaponry and therefore still at odds over the terms for allowing rebel leader Riek Machar to return to the capital."
Justin Trudeau is very much the face of this government, and why not ?"
The U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments this week in a case challenging President Obama's efforts to provide deportation relief to undocumented immigrants."
The Museum of Modern Art announced today that philanthropist David Geffen has presented the museum with a $100 million gift for the purpose of its upcoming renovation and expansion."
When a father was pulled over by a police officer in Westland, instead of receiving a ticket, he got something else -- a helping hand."
The United States said on Thursday it was concerned about reports that Russia is moving more military equipment into Syria to bolster President Bashar al-Assad, with a truce in tatters and peace talks in meltdown."
MILWAUKEE - A Milwaukee high school teacher's aide has been arrested after an altercation in a classroom with a student caught on video."
In its quest to bring more valuable information to search, Google will soon add live TV listings to results, allowing you to find out exactly when and what channel your favourite film or TV show is on next."
Prince had more accomplishments in his too-short life than we can possibly list off."
The founding of Earth Day goes back to 1970 when people began realizing the importance of being conscientious of the planet's needs."
Thanks to combination antiretroviral therapy, many people with HIV can be expected to live decades after being infected."
There are lots of apps that help you research prices for buying or selling a car, and they'll even hook you up with a dealership when you're ready to buy."
NBA commissioner Adam Silver hinted twice Thursday that the NBA may move its 2017 All-Star game from Charlotte if North Carolina does not change its anti-LGBT laws."
Wall Street analysts are predicting that Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. will report earnings per share of $0.39 in their quarterly report."
Starbucks Corp. on Thursday reported fiscal second-quarter earnings of $575.1 million."
Japanese e-commerce company Rakuten Inc. is investing an additional $92 million in Cabify, one of the biggest ride-hailing companies in Latin America, Cabify's chief executive said."
President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle released a statement mourning the sudden passing of Prince on Thursday afternoon \"."
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump asserted he would \"absolutely\" change the Republican Party's platform opposing abortion - to ensure exceptions."
In a long expected move, Robert Downey Jr. has closed a deal to reprise his role as Tony Stark in Sony and Marvel's \"Spider-Man : Homecoming, TheWrap has learned."
WASHINGTON - A Florida man who piloted a one-person gyrocopter through some of the most restricted U.S. airspace and landed on the lawn of the Capitol in Washington in 2015, was sentenced Thursday to 120 days in jail."
The US-led coalition fighting Islamic State staged 24 strikes on Wednesday in Iraq and Syria in its latest daily operation against the militant group."
MONTREAL - A Quebec Superior Court justice should be allowed to return to the bench, the Canadian Judicial Council has concluded following a probe into serious allegations."
Space telescope captures the first complete view of the Bubble Nebula to celebrate 26 YEARS in orbit."
Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are feuding over the portion of North Carolina's unprecedented anti-LGBT law regulating public bathroom access for transgender people."
The medium ground finch (Geospiza fortis) diverged in beak size from the large ground finch in the Galpagos following a severe drought."
Secretary of State John Kerry and his Iranian counterpart will meet Friday for a second time this week over complaints from Iran that it's not getting the sanctions relief it deserves under last year's nuclear deal."
Liberal leader Rana Bokhari failed to win in Fort Rouge."
Standards watchdogs will not investigate Prime Minister David Cameron over the off-shore controversy revealed by the Panama Papers data leak."
Visa Inc, the world's largest payments network operator, lowered its full-year revenue forecast, blaming lack of improvement in cross-border spending."
The family of the late Kay Carter -- one of the women at the centre of the physician-assisted dying case that bears her name -- says the government's new legislation doesn't meet the minimum requirements of the Supreme Court's Carter v. Canada decision."
With more than 50 women having flown in space over the last 50 years and the ranks of women astronauts growing, one might assume that a basic physiological question has been answered : What's the best approach to manage menstrual cycles in space ?"
A body has been found in Shenandoah National Park by police searching for a female firefighter who went missing nearly a week ago."
Key Senate Republicans are divided over a GOP colleague's bill that would allow families of Sept. 11 victims to sue the government of Saudi Arabia."
Republican Party leaders have turned aside an effort to change the rules at the party's upcoming national convention to make it harder for the GOP to nominate a fresh presidential candidate."
Schlumberger Limited today reported results for the first quarter of 2016."
The Delhi government may file FIR against the North and East civic bodies for garbage burning at the Ghazipur and Bhalswa landfill sites amid concerns that the toxic fumes may offset any gains from the odd-even scheme."
Hillary Clinton, sitting with relatives of victims of the Newtown school massacre, vowed Thursday to make sure gun violence is not ignored."
Foreign Affairs Minister Charlie Flanagan has clashed with Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers over the future of the Irish border in the event of a Brexit."
Naman Ahuja is professor of Indian art history at Jawaharlal Nehru University and co-editor of Marg, a magazine of the arts published from Mumbai."
Donald Trump's chief lieutenants pushed skeptical Republican leaders Thursday to embrace him as their likely presidential nominee, declaring he can deliver big electoral gains this fall despite his contentious ways."
Japanese transport ministry officials raided a Mitsubishi Motors office following the shock admission by the automaker that it falsified fuel-efficiency tests in more than 600, 000 vehicles."
Gov. Mary Fallin has signed a measure into law that would require health care providers to give notice to some women who may have an increased risk of breast cancer."
An outcry of sorts greeted former prime minister Jean Chrtien's recent suggestion inhabitants of the remote, poverty-stricken community of Attawapiskat might have to move to improve their lives."
Canberra, April 21 The Australian government on Thursday launched a $180 million cyber security strategy, in an effort to shore up Australia's defence against cyber attacks and online fraud."
Oklahoma voters will decide in November whether to abolish an article of the state constitution so that a Ten Commandments monument can be returned to the Capitol grounds."
HBO Now launched apps on the Xbox One and select Samsung Smart TVs Thursday."
Ride service Uber has agreed to pay up to $100 million to settle a class action lawsuit over whether its California drivers are employees or independent contractors, resolving a major challenge to its business model."
Hollywood, Florida Republican Party officials blocked a proposed rule change Thursday amid intense pressure to not appear that they favoring any of the three remaining candidates for the White House."
After high levels of lead were found in tap water at four older Tacoma homes, Seattle Public Utilities is urging its 650, 000 customers to run their water for two minutes before using it."
The U.S. suicide rate has increased sharply since the turn of the century, led by an even greater rise among middle-aged white people, particularly women."
The board that oversees California's high-speed rail system put off a vote Thursday on a revised business plan to give state officials more time to assuage lawmakers and citizens upset by the recent decision to first send the train to Northern California rather than the Los Angeles area."
Robert says :' I have always been attracted to The Jungle Book because of the smallness of its world."
Police tape was up briefly on the Canadian side of the Sumas border crossing this afternoon."
New York City will host the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards at Madison Square Garden in August, MTV announced Thursday."
Northern Ireland's elections are quite different compared to the ones held across the rest of the UK - in England, Scotland and Wales."
Chief of Army Staff General Raheel Sharif dismissed 12 army officers, including a three-star general, from service over alleged corruption on Thursday."
An inquiry by Maharashtra's prison department has found Rahul Ghule, a doctor at Arthur Road jail, guilty of manipulating records and getting NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal admitted to St George Hospital with ` chest pain' despite only complaining of a toothache."
Sears Holdings announced that the company will close 68 Kmart and 10 Sears stores this summer."
More than a week after UNESCO's executive board voted in favor of a resolution ignoring Jewish ties to the Temple Mount and Western Wall area, Foreign Ministry director-general Dore Gold wrote a letter to the 33 countries that voted for the resolution \"registering Israel's protest in the strongest terms.\"."
IT industry will see 20 % less recruitments this year, as major players like TCS and Infosys are focusing on more automation, thus hiring lesser number of people."
HE was loved by millions, but one woman truly captured Prince's heart -- his ex wife Mayte Garcia."
As the music industry, and millions of fans, are reeling from the shocking news that Prince died today at 57, MTV is airing music videos on three of its networks as part of a multiplatform tribute to the iconic singer-songwriter."
Prince performed at the Fox Theatre in Atlanta just one week before his death at 57."
Prince, iconic singer-songwriter and seven-time Grammy winner, has died, his publicist confirms to the Associated Press."
Global truck maker Volvo forecast stronger demand in Europe but the reverse in retreating markets such as the United States and Brazil this year as cost cuts helped it to a smaller than expected dip in first quarter core earnings."
Flint's water crisis has taken a dramatic turn with criminal charges being filed against two state employees and a city worker."
President Obama is pushing Congress to pass a $1.9 billion plan to fund the fight against the Zika virus."
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump called on more than 3, 000 supporters at a Thursday night rally in Harrisburg to vote for him in Pennsylvania's primary election on April 26."
Air quality in Illinois is a mixed bag, according to the new State of the Air report from the American Lung Association."
Shares of Sanghi Industries soared almost 11 percent today after Piramal Enterprises invested Rs 256.5 crore in the company by subscribing to the cementmaker's non-convertible debentures."
The dollar extended gains against the yen on Friday, after Bloomberg reported that the Bank of Japan was considering applying negative rates to its lending programme for financial institutions."
The West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection completed and submitted to the Legislature a feasibility study on how to respond to the U.S. EPA's Clean Power Plan for coal-fired power plants Wednesday."
Prince had a fraught relationship with the Internet, and mourning fans searching YouTube to remember his greatest years might be disappointed to find out that much of it isn't there."
In a vacant home across from where Freddie Gray was arrested one year ago, Baltimore officials see an eyesore that should be destroyed."
The German automaker Daimler AG said late Thursday that it was conducting an internal investigation of its certification process for diesel exhaust emissions in the United States at the request of the Justice Department."
Asian shares slid from a five-and-a-half-month high on Friday on disappointing earnings from US blue chip companies, but Japanese shares surged after a media report about a possible Bank of Japan policy change weakened the yen."
Greece and its international lenders are unlikely to reach an agreement on Friday that would unlock further loans and pave the way for debt relief talks, despite some progress made in talks on reforms."
The Turkish consulate in Rotterdam has infuriated Dutch MPs by calling on Turkish groups in the Netherlands to inform it of insults against President Recep Tayyip Erdogan."
The BJP government on Wednesday nominated actor Suresh Gopi to the Rajya Sabha under the art category."
A year after a 7.8-magnitude earthquake tore through Nepal, millions of people remain homeless."
Palm oil firms have slammed Indonesia's move to prohibit the use of new land to boost production, saying President Joko Widodo's latest effort to tackle forest fires could slash jobs and cripple output in the world's top producer of the commodity."
Why is there so little discussion about one of Bernie Sanders's most important proposals -- to tax financial speculation ?"
As Jews and Christians pour into Jerusalem for Passover, Israeli Police reinforced their numbers while they continue to search for those responsible for the horrific bus-bombing three days ago."
The battle for Europe's third-largest electrical goods retailer Darty intensified on Thursday as South Africa's Steinhoff and French rival Fnac frantically tried to outbid each other."
LABOUR and Jeremy Corbyn are embroiled in a row about banning McDonald's from their party conference -- but is their leader secretly a fan of the fast food giant ?"
MANILA, Philippines - A Philippine elections database leak, which could have exposed personal details of all 55 million registered voters, will not undermine the May 9 national elections in the latest hacking scandal to hit the Southeast Asian nation."
Europe and the United States should wrap up the U.S.-European free trade deal this year or people will start thinking it might never happen, U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman told a German newspaper in an interview published on Friday."
More than 100 people came out Thursday to see Republican presidential candidate and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz during his first visit of the campaign to Indiana."
My president told me that if I return to Cambodia, there's a 20 per cent chance I'll be killed.\"."
An estimated 155 countries will formally sign the Paris Climate Agreement on Friday at the United Nations' headquarters in New York City."
Citi Bike will offer free rides Friday in honor of Earth Day."
The owners of Alton Towers have admitted breaching health and safety laws over the Smiler rollercoaster crash."
With the death of Prince at just 57, 2016 really is turning into the year the music died."
Day after day, the candidates for president wake up, brush their teeth and pump themselves up to say the same thing they did yesterday."
In after a summer of warm weather and dwindling ice a young polar bear slipped into the frigid waters of the Beaufort Sea and began to swim."
Anti-government activists say airstrikes in Syria's northern city of Aleppo have killed at least seven people in rebel-held areas."
Police in Conroe captured a tiger seen wandering around the city Thursday morning, and are asking for help finding the animal's owner."
Nil Battey Sannata' caught most of our attention when the film's trailer released."
Microsoft's rolling updates to Windows 10 continue and I want to highlight the latest ` preview' build of Windows 10 Mobile for smartphones."
General Electric Co reported a higher-than-expected first-quarter profit on Friday, but organic revenue fell 1 per cent, raising questions about the company's full-year revenue target."
The popular search engine giant Google celebrated Earth Day with a range of colourful animated doodles."
On this Earth Day 2016, there is a great deal of frenzy about how our Earth is going to become uninhabitable, as the civilized activities of man allegedly trigger unstoppable global warming and climate change."
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and top European Union officials plan to travel close to Turkey's border with Syria in hopes of promoting a troubled month-old agreement to manage a refugee crisis that has left hundreds of thousands stranded on the migrant trail to Europe."
Gold demand in India improved this week as jewellery retailers reopened stores after a strike, but the world's second biggest bullion market remained at a discount to the global benchmark as purchases across the region were curbed by higher prices."
Footballer Ched Evans has won his appeal against his conviction for raping a 19-year-old woman."
McDonald's Corp reported higher-than-expected quarterly sales and profit as its all-day breakfast and promotional offerings attracted more customers to its U.S. restaurants."
Lockheed Martin Corp., the world's largest defense contractor, plans to lay off about 200 employees from its information systems and global solutions unit."
China added 3.18 million new urban jobs in the first quarter and kept unemployment levels broadly stable, Xinhua said on Friday, citing the social security ministry."
There was drama surrounding the case regarding fugitive and alleged sex pest Rabbi Eliezer Berland at the Randburg Magistrate's Court on Friday morning."
Autism experts at the University of Washington are bracing for a flood of interest starting Thursday as they help launch the nation's largest-ever autism research study, which will seek DNA and other information from 50, 000 U.S. families."
Toyota's close ties to its ` keiretsu' - or family of affiliates and suppliers - have helped it become the world's top automaker."
Tax revenue from North Sea oil plummeted to just # 35 million in the 2015 financial year, new figures from HM Revenue and Customs show."
Duke Wilhelm IV of Bavaria could have had little idea when he issued the Reinheitsgebot (purity law) in 1516 that 500 years later it would be one of Germany's most controversial laws."
Amnesty International said on Friday that Nigeria's army killed hundreds of men, women and children from a minority Shi'ite Muslim sect last December, but the military dismissed the rights group's report as hasty, one-sided and biased."
Donald Trump speaks to guests gathered for a rally at the Central Illinois Regional Airport on March 13, 2016 in Bloomington, Illinois."
American Airlines Group Inc reported a first-quarter profit on Friday that exceeded analysts' expectations as cheap fuel boosted its bottom line."
Republican Party leaders turned aside an effort Thursday to change the rules at their national convention to make it harder for the GOP to choose a fresh presidential candidate, a prelude to what may be sharper battles ahead."
Bank of England rate setter Gertjan Vlieghe said that in theory interest rates could go \"a little bit negative\", but that they should go nowhere near levels that would encourage big companies to stockpile cash."
Caterpillar Inc. lowered its 2016 sales and earnings outlook and posted a lower first-quarter net profit on Friday as revenues declined in the company's construction, oil and gas, mining and rail business segments."
The American dog tick is the most common in Ohio, especially between mid-April through June."
Several family members, including children, are reported dead after a shooting near a home in rural Ohio."
Maine Gov. Paul LePage vetoed a bill Wednesday that would have increased access to the opioid overdose antidote naloxone, also known by its brand name, Narcan."
Gov. Terry McAuliffe will sign an order that effectively restores the civil rights, including the right to vote, of more than 200, 000 felons in Virginia."
Republican front-runner Donald Trump took steps last month to build out his political operation even as he touts a lean campaign on the trail."
Donald Trump's chief lieutenants told skeptical Republican leaders Thursday that the GOP front-runner has been \"projecting an image\" so far in the 2016 primary season and \"the part that he's been playing is now evolving\" in a way that will improve his standing among general election voters."
Rep. Chris Van Hollen now leads fellow Rep. Donna Edwards in Maryland's Democratic Senate primary, according to a poll from Monmouth University."
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz had the stage to himself Thursday at the Indiana Republican Party's spring dinner, promising to campaign hard for a state that his supporters see as key to slowing front-runner Donald Trump's bid for the party's presidential nomination."
Ted Cruz appealed Thursday to social conservatives in Indiana, telling them their state could be the Stop Trump movement's best chance to deny the GOP front-runner an outright win."
Republican Party leaders turned aside an effort Thursday to change the rules at their national convention to make it harder for the GOP to choose a fresh presidential candidate, a prelude to what may be sharper battles ahead."
Retail giant Target took a stand on transgender issues this week, welcoming transgender customers into the restrooms and fitting rooms that align with their gender identity."
KALAMAZOO (WWJ/AP) -- A man charged with killing six people during a random series of shootings is returning to a southwestern Michigan court for a hearing on his mental competency."
THE French government's plans to finance a new power station in Somerset are likely to be illegal under EU law."
President Barack Obama says North Carolina's law that limits anti-discrimination protections for lesbian, gay and transgender people should be overturned."
General Motors said on Friday it would temporarily close four North American plants, as it assess the potential impact on its supply chain from the recent earthquakes in Japan."
Stung by the ` Panama Papers' leaks that revealed three of his children own offshore companies and assets not shown on his family's wealth statement, Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Friday pledged to resign from his post if proven guilty by a high-level probe pannel."
Donald Trump on Friday tweeted a tribute to the pop-music icon Prince, calling him an \"amazing talent and wonderful guy\" a day after he died at the age of 57."
SYCAMORE, Ill. - A judge has dismissed the case against a 76-year-old man who a prosecutor says was wrongly convicted in the 1957 killing of a 7-year-old Illinois girl."
In 1993, Prince decided that he'd had enough."
Another study has shown the Bernie Sanders's plan for free college would disproportionately favor the middle - and upper-class over the poor."
The above quote is from Donald Trump's new campaign manager."
Aeropostale announces suspension of trading on nyse ; common stock to trade on the otcqx market."
The Russian parliament on Friday elected a retired senior police officer to serve as presidential human rights ombudsman amid an outcry about her lack of democratic credentials."
Heavy marijuana use in the late teen years puts men at a higher risk for death by age 60, a new long-term study suggests."
The New York State attorney general said on Friday that his office had opened an investigation into how toys with dangerously high levels of lead ended up for sale at retailers including Target, Kmart and Toys \"R\" Us."
The identity of the schoolboy who carried out two horrific stabbings in Colchester can be revealed for the first time today after he was found guilty of double murder."
More than 1 crore LPG consumers have given up their cooking gas subsidies in one year since Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a call to the well-heeled to give up the same."
As Republican National Committee members continue their meeting in Florida, they have with new assurances that Donald Trump is ready for a general election fight."
SecureWorks Corp., the cybersecurity company owned by Dell Inc., is planning to go public this week in the first initial public offering of a U.S. technology company this year, after the slowest start for offerings since the recession."
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV said on Friday it is recalling more than 1.1 million cars and SUVs worldwide because the vehicles may roll away after drivers exit."
Realty firm Supertech has been asked to seal over 1, 000 units at a housing project in Greater Noida by local authority GNIDA for allegedly constructing them without approval."
A pair of home-grown terrorists has been jailed for life after plotting to kill soldiers, police officers and civilians in a series of Islamic State-inspired drive-by shootings."
President Barack Obama declined Friday to call the 1915 massacre of Armenians a genocide, breaking a key campaign promise as his presidency nears an end."
People with hepatitis C may have at least twice the risk of developing certain head and neck cancers as individuals who don't carry the virus, a U.S. study suggests."
Calling unequal pay for women \"a great injustice\" and vowing to fight for issues such as paid family leave and gun regulations, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton met with a small group of supporters at a Jenkintown caf Friday."
U.S. Sen. John McCain has called for a criminal investigation into what led to a massive spill of mine waste that polluted rivers in three Western states last summer."
People in the town of Golden B.C are elated after a meeting with CP Rail about the ongoing dispute over access to the Lower Canyon."
Fiat Chrysler is recalling more than 1.1 million cars and SUVs worldwide amid fears vehicles are rolling away without their drivers."
A federal judge on Friday said he won't dismiss a lawsuit against two Washington state psychologists who helped design the CIA's harsh interrogation techniques in the war on terror."
HSBC shareholders will hope to hear more details on the bank's succession plan when it holds its annual general meeting."
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have something else to quarrel about in the Democratic presidential campaign - the proposed soda tax in Philadelphia."
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on Thursday announced plans to legalize marijuana-based medicines, and proposed raising the amount of the drug that can be legally carried, in the wake of a national drug policy review."
Athens, Ga. - A new reef system has been found at the mouth of the Amazon River, the largest river by discharge of water in the world."
In 1993, Prince decided that he'd had enough."
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration has formally approved the first-ever randomized controlled trial of whole plant medical marijuana (cannabis) as a treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder in U.S. veterans."
Republican primary front-runner Donald Trump said Thursday he \"absolutely\" wants to try to change the Republican Party platform to allow for abortions in cases of rape, incest and when the life of the mother is at risk."
New York environmental regulators have rejected a critical permit needed for a major natural gas pipeline project wetlands and other water resources in its path."
Scientists from University of Glasgow and the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology have discovered what could be an enormous breakthrough for those suffering from Alzheimer's."
Chyna, the WWE star who in the 1990s became one of the best-known and most-popular female professional wrestlers in history, has died."
New technology that may keep firefighters out of harm's way during controlled burns was tested at Homestead National Monument of America Friday."
Microsoft and Google have reached an agreement to end all regulatory complaints against each other around the world, and have agreed to work together to settle any future issues themselves before filing official complaints."
Puerto Rico is drowning in debt - $70 billion worth-but it would be wrong to think that only those in Puerto Rico would be affected by some of the measures being suggested to manage the situation."
Yahoo and advisers are set to spend the weekend narrowing down more than 10 first-round bids for its core business, ranging from $4B - $8B, Bloomberg reports -- with an eye to moving forward as soon as next week."
Former U.S. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay is among 41 people who wrote letters of support for Dennis Hastert as the former U.S. House speaker heads to sentencing next weeks in his hush-money case."
Nicole Mittendorff has been found dead, with police saying the body of the missing Virginia firefighter was discovered in Shenandoah National Park on Thursday with a suicide note left in her car."
Federal law enforcement investigators are searching at least three states for more than 500 pounds of explosives stolen from a CSX train, reports CBS News."
Panamanian officials have raided a warehouse of the law firm Mossack Fonseca, which has been at the center of the huge document leak related to offshore accounts."
While JNU leader Kanhaiya Kumar's speech in Mumbai on Saturday is happening for sure, there is yet uncertainty over the venue for the programme."
The state has moved to dismiss all charges against Leslie Merritt Jr., the primary suspect in last summer's freeway shootings case, according to Merritt's attorney."
In a call to investors, Microsoft reveals that sales of its Xbox One console have increased year-over-year but revenues from its hardware sector have declined."
Lodged against Canada Post and the Canadian government, the complaint aims to stop the delivery of Your Ward News."
There was an attempt to attack Delhi University teacher GN Saibaba on Friday when he visited Ram Lal Anand College, where he previously worked, for the annual day celebration."
SAN DIEGO - A 3-day-old boy was mauled to death by the family dog while they were in bed with the child's parents."
The annual Relay for Life of Comanche County kicked off Friday night with survivors walking the first lap of the relay."
The United States is boosting its surveillance of Boko Haram in an intensified effort to find more than 200 abducted Chibok schoolgirls."
Chinese manufacturers and Internet giants are in hot pursuit of their US counterparts in the race to design driverless cars, but the route to market is still littered with potholes."
Caitlyn Jenner believes that recent so-called \"bathroom laws\" will make the LGBT community and everyone else less safe."
Officials say five people have been killed in two shootings in northeastern Georgia."
President Dilma Rousseff voiced confidence Friday that Brazil's people will \"be able to prevent any setbacks\" to democracy as she battles a bid to impeach her."
Israeli police have thwarted three attempts by Jews to sacrifice goats at Jerusalem's Temple Mount on Friday, arresting seven people in the process, The Times of Israel reports."
David Cameron has declined an opportunity to distance himself from his previous description of US presidential hopeful Donald Trump as \"divisive, stupid and wrong\"."
The race for the Democratic nomination in Indiana is tight."
Donald Trump disagreed with North Carolina's \"bathroom bill\" which makes it illegal for transgender individuals to use bathrooms they feel correspond to their gender rather than the one corresponding to their genetic gender."
Americans just finished filing and paying for their federal income taxes."
Unidentified attackers hacked to death a university professor in Bangladesh on Saturday adding that the assault bore the hallmarks of previous killings by Islamist militants of secular and atheist activists."
Donald Trump's senior team is promising anxious Republicans that voters will see \"a real different way\" soon after the Republican front-runner claims his party's presidential nomination."
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan has called an all party meeting on Sunday to ensure smooth functioning of the house during parliament's budget session that resumes on April 25."
The Shelby County Health Department has identified two confirmed and unrelated cases of measles."
Scoot, a subsidiary of Singapore Airlines, will take over Tigerair's Chennai-Singapore route starting May 24 as part of the airline's expansion plans in India."
Donald Trump has remained an outspoken presidential candidate throughout 2016, often criticizing his opponents on both sides of the aisle."
Japan has successfully carried out the first test of its stealth jet."
A European Commission plan to publicly reveal tax and financial data of large companies raised concerns among some European Union finance ministers who on Saturday advised caution after the Panama Paper leaks."
IT is now obvious that there is to be significant financial support for any potential buyers of Tata Steel, from both the UK and Welsh governments."
A man who prosecutors say sold a malware program called SpyEye used to steal financial information has been sentenced to 15 years in prison."
After expanding to almost three-dozen states this year, the company has already planned to pull out of Arkansas, Georgia, and MI in 2017."
Canada will need to make significant changes to meet its greenhouse gas emissions target but that effort could undercut future economic growth."
Music legend Prince left as big a mark on the recording industry as he did on his millions of fans."
North Korea fired what appeared to be a submarine-launched ballistic missile on Saturday off its east coast amid concerns that it might conduct a nuclear test or a missile launch ahead of a key ruling party meeting."
Police found no signs of suicide or obvious trauma in the death of US music superstar Prince, but it could take weeks before autopsy results reveal how the groundbreaking performer died."
New York University's graduate student worker union has voted by a large margin to join the international boycott, divestment and sanctions movement in support of Palestinian rights."
Around 800 jobs could be lost at BAE's Glasgow yards if the UK Government backslides on orders to build frigates in the city, a union has warned."
Some people might not see the value in an old or used iPhone or MacBook, but Apple's enhanced recycling program begs to differ -- to the tune of nearly $40 million."
Opposition activists say Syrian government strikes have killed 25 people, mostly civilians, in attacks on rebel-held areas near the capital and in the country's largest city."
This Coca-Cola stock info is for April 23, 2016."
SOMERSET, Mass. (CBS/AP) - A Massachusetts girl who choked on a marshmallow at a birthday party has died."
A new report has added to the growing body of research suggesting that what we eat has tremendous consequences for the planet -- and the future of humanity."
GE Power's new state-of-the-art Advanced Manufacturing Facility in Greenville opened Friday morning."
ITG Brands, which has 1, 1000 production workers at its plant in Greensboro, confirmed layoff plans on Friday."
Candidate John Kasich speaks at a Republican presidential primary rally at Glastonbury High School."
As Archie Bunker might say, the world is going down the terlet."
Indian Space Researach Organisation will flight test in June a new generation of launch vehicles that can re-enter the atmosphere."
More than 2, 500 consultants, GPs and other senior doctors have said that next week's all-out strike action by junior doctors will be safe for patients."
A Republican National Convention delegate from Colorado said Friday that Donald Trump's senior adviser told him the campaign was dropping its challenge to rival Ted Cruz's sweep of the state's delegates -- an account the campaign is disputing."
Uganda will build a pipeline for its oil through Tanzania rather than Kenya, which had wanted to secure the export route, a summit of East African leaders said on Saturday."
Devinderpal Singh Bhullar, convicted in the 1993 Delhi bomb blast, was on Saturday ordered to be released on a 21-day parole by the Punjab government."
Lead levels in metro-east water are well below the \"action level\" set by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, but the level may not necessarily be a good standard of safety."
At least eight counter protesters at a \"white power\" rally Saturday at Georgia's Stone Mountain were arrested as they clashed with police while trying to get inside the park."
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and top European Union officials arrived near Turkey's border with Syria on Saturday in a bid to bolster a troubled migration deal with Turkey as they face increasing pressure to reassess the agreement."
The Wilmington Family YMCA and the City of Wilmington will present Healthy Kids Day on Saturday, April 30."
Not to discount the many deaths that William Shakespeare penned during his lifetime, but his own passing was and is, perhaps, the most legendary."
Just as his campaign is promising a more \"presidential\" evolution of Donald Trump, the candidate himself seems to be resisting the proposed image change, reverting back to months-old attack lines in stump speeches and even dismissing his new chief strategist's expectation that he would \"tone it down.\"."
The Islamic State group says its fighters have captured a Syrian pilot after his plane was shot down near Damascus."
Prince was such a prolific composer, he left behind enough unpublished music in a vault inside his Minnesota estate to fill 26 albums."
Water from railway dams will be released to help Thane, Navi Mumbai."
French telecom group Orange announced an agreement to acquire a 65 % stake in compatriot financial institution Groupama Banque and launch a mobile-only banking service."
In I received an email from an Israeli TV editor and Ethiopian civil rights activist working for Channel 10, a mainstream Israeli TV outlet."
The startup will instead pivot and focus on building a logistics company to compete with startups including Delhivery, Flipkart's ekart division and go Javas head on, multiple sources told ET."
Governor Gary Herbert will face Jonathan Johnson in a bid for the Republican nomination after neither candidate secured enough votes at the state convention Saturday to avoid a primary election."
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders's top adviser said on Saturday that the campaign would consider dialing down its criticism of front-runner Hillary Clinton depending on the outcome of the primaries on Tuesday."
This Sunday marks the third anniversary of the collapse of the Rana Plaza factory in Bangladesh which killed 1, 133, injuring 2, 500 garment workers, most of whom were women."
A steep drop by the Euro and Japanese Yen helped drive June US Dollar Index futures higher last week for the second straight week."
The parents of one of two teenagers lost at sea last summer say their boat and an iPhone has been found."
Vietnam said on Thursday said it was investigating whether pollution is to blame for a spate of mysterious mass fish deaths along the country's central coast after huge amounts of marine life washed ashore in recent days."
First National Bank of Omaha is offering to send six customers to Bulgaria along with an employee team to help build a Habitat for Humanity house in the fall."
Apprentice host and former Labour peer Lord Sugar has launched a blistering attack on the party's front-runner to be London mayor, Sadiq Khan."
All villages in Haryana would be linked through internet and each village would have its own website through which information about various development works would be made available to the people."
ProtestPP, a coalition of state and national pro-life groups, held its first annual nationwide protest at Planned Parenthood facilities on Saturday."
In an unprecedented decision, David Cameron on Sunday released his tax records to defuse the growing anger over his father's offshore business that threatened his premiership, but the bold move appears set to plunge him into more trouble over 200, 000 pounds he received from his mother."
Maine Republicans have elected a slate of delegates to the national convention that's heavy on supporters of Ted Cruz."
At least 15 people were killed on Friday in a landslide in Tawang district of Arunachal Pradesh."
Torrid heat wave conditions continued in Odisha as nine places recorded temperature above 45 degrees Celsius while the toll due to sunstroke has touched 66."
Fitch Ratings has affirmed the ratings of Owens & Minor, Inc., including the long-term Issuer Default Rating, at ` BBB -'."
Thousands of cyclists have taken part in a large bike ride and rally to campaign for a better and safer cycling network across Scotland."
An out-of-breath caller who found two of the eight slain members of an Ohio family told a 911 dispatcher in a quavering voice that \"there's blood all over the house.\"."
Railway infrastructure project may get major push as both, ministry of railways and the state government, intend to begin work on elevated corridor between Bandra-Virar, CST-Panvel and cab signaling on Harbour line by August 2016."
A keeper killed by a tiger at a Florida zoo this month broke the rules when she entered the big cat's enclosure."
Can Hillary Clinton survive her own campaign?By Justin Sullivan/Getty Images."
Maine Republicans have elected a slate of delegates to the national convention that's heavy on supporters of Ted Cruz."
UK astronaut Tim Peake is preparing to run the distance of the London Marathon on a treadmill in the International Space Station."
Julianna Brown, 10 of Millsboro talks about her diabetes daily routine JASON MINTO/THE NEWS JOURNAL."
Japanese electronics firm Sony Corp cut its profit estimate by 9.4 % for the financial year that ended in March, as slowing global smartphone sales dented demand for its camera modules."
E-commerce giants Paytm and Snapdeal seem to be heading towards a legal battle with the former accusing a Snapdeal company of ` stealing data'."
Alphabet Inc's chief financial officer said on Thursday that Google's parent needed to step up investment to boost traffic."
Changes in Saudi Arabian society are traditionally measured out in cautious doses."
The death toll from last week's earthquake in Ecuador has risen to 646, President Rafael Correa said Saturday."
On the lines of Delhi Dialogue, Aam Aadmi Party will launch its Punjab Dialogue at Landran near Mohali on Saturday."
Though he can not speak, Benjamin Alexander has much to say, one typed word at a time."
The number of Palestinian minors held in Israeli prisons has reportedly seen a dramatic rise since the beginning of what observers call the third Palestinian Intifada (uprising) last October."
Through the years, we've talked about \"fiduciary duty\" and how that differs from lower standards of care under the law, such as\" suitability.\"."
Bill de Blasio announced the new energy efficiency measures on Friday, which is Earth Day."
Austria's presidential election could throw up some interesting permutations."
Scientists analyzing the cosmic rays which bombard the Earth have detected the remnants of a supernova which appears to have occurred relatively close by in the last few million years."
India's economy is likely to clock nearly 8 percent growth in the current fiscal on the back of robust private consumption, which has benefited from lower energy prices and higher real incomes."
An River diving accident more than three decades ago left Jerry Spencer paralyzed from the chest down."
Coalition Duchenne is attending the April 25 U.S. Food and Drug Administration advisory committee hearing on the efficacy of the Sarepta Therapeutic's novel Duchenne drug eteplirsen."
Socialists love to subsidize new wind and solar energy projects (that) benefit only a few wealthy investors, \" Gov. Paul LePage said recently in explaining his opposition to the solar bill in the Legislature that would allow more homeowners, small businesses and towns to install solar energy."
Bernie Sanders has said many of his losses to Hillary Clinton in Democratic primaries were because \"poor people don't vote.\"."
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders will make his first campaign appearance in Maryland on Saturday with a rally at Royal Farms Arena in Baltimore."
The heavy-handed activities of the army are resulting in partial and sometimes lengthy shutdowns which are impacting on the supply of raw materials to the Palestinian territories."
Forget the headlines about tensions with India's government : Raghuram Rajan is likely to stay on as India's central bank governor after his term ends in September."
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton gives a speech at Dunmore High School in Dunmore, Pa., on Friday, April 22, 2016."
BRIDGEPORT, Conn. - A confident Donald Trump told supporters on Saturday that he's not changing his pitch to voters, a day after his chief adviser assured Republican officials their party's front-runner would show more restraint while campaigning.\"."
Two generations of California political enthusiasts have waited for a pivotal presidential primary."
Violence reportedly erupted in parts of Jharkhand ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Jamshedpur on Sunday."
The Greater Los Angeles County Vector Control District has confirmed the first West Nile virus positive mosquito sample in Los Angeles County for 2016."
Ohio governor and Republican presidential candidate John Kasich tried to win over Rhode Island and its 19 delegates just days away from the state's primary."
Lawmakers in the House and Senate have one week left to pass bills from one chamber to the other before their policy hopes are -- almost certainly -- dashed for this legislative session."
JNU Students Union president Kanhaiya Kumar today said that a co-passenger allegedly tried to attack him on a flight from Mumbai to Pune."
The clash between two group of students in Aligarh Muslim University went violent on Saturday when a section a group of students assaulted a students in his hostel room and then damaged his room."
Theresa May today risked ridicule by insisting Britain had control over borders but claiming it is not the same as limiting immigration."
Four federal agents were shot while trying to make an arrest at a motel in Kansas."
Billionaire industrialist Charles Koch, a key source of financing for conservative Republican causes along with his brother, said Democrat Hillary Clinton might make a better president than the candidates in the Republican field."
Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz on Saturday called for front-runner Donald Trump to debate him in Indiana ahead of the state's May 3 primary election."
God Bless the great State of Indiana, \" Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, shouted to a packed house at the Boone County Fairgrounds Saturday."
Gov. Terry McAuliffe on Friday issued an executive order that overrides a constitutional amendment barring ex-felons from voting in the state."
Wisconsin authorities say a shooting at a high school prom has left three people injured."
Thousands of people visit the Alaska SeaLife Center in Seward for a look at Steller sea lions or harlequin ducks."
The Jungle Book\" remains king of the box office in its second weekend in theaters, beating new opener \"The Huntsman : Winter's War\" by nearly $40 million."
Ted Price spent much of 1994 traveling the highways of California pitching a video game."
Forty-nine seats in the two districts of North 24 Parganas and Howrah - both of them considered the ruling Trinamool Congress' impregnable citadel - will go to polls in the phase-4 elections in West Bengal on Monday, with the party upbeat about retaining their 2011 tally of 44 seats in these two districts."
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan said that since the High Court has given a stay till April 27 on the Uttarakhand issue, there can be no discussion until then."
Evacuations have been ordered for homes near a major fire in the Phoenix suburb of Gilbert."
Sunday morning at Grace Baptist Church in the New York City suburb of Mount Vernon is Hillary Clinton's comfort zone."
Clashes between Kurdish and Shiite Turkmen paramilitary forces in northern Iraq killed at least 12 fighters and cut off a key road between Baghdad and the oil city of Kirkuk for most of Sunday before community leaders reached a ceasefire agreement."
Dr. Mazin Quimseyeh, one of the most respected and self-sacrificing Palestinian activists who fights relentlessly for human rights, has posed a question : \"What would YOU advise us Palestinians (incl."
Pakistani opposition politician Imran Khan led a party rally on Sunday to rail against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, seizing on the Panama Papers leak linking Sharif's family with offshore wealth as a second chance to unseat the leader."
A Donald Trump campaign aide is being accused of threatening Republican delegates in Delaware."
The idea was intoxicating to lawmakers in more than a dozen states where medical marijuana was a political nonstarter : Give patients with certain severe medical problems access to a type of pot that might provide relief without producing the \"high\" usually associated with the plant."
A Dutch-Turkish journalist has been detained in Turkey after posting tweets critical of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan."
There is strong evidence that Mexican police tortured some of the key suspects arrested in the disappearance of 43 students."
The Socialist Workers Party, the Communist Party of Britain, the Indian Workers Association, Counterfire, and the Rail and Maritime Transport union have launched what they describe as a united \"left-wing campaign\" for a Leave vote in the June 23 referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union."
What men eat particularly fatty meats and cheese may affect how quickly their prostate cancer progresses, a new study suggests."
Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic's Progressive Party is set to win around 56 percent of votes cast in Serbia's general election on Sunday, according to an initial projection by pollster Cesid based on a small sample of votes."
Bollywood superstar Salman Khan's appointment as the Indian Olympic contingent's goodwill ambassador on Sunday kicked up a storm with star wrestler Yogeshwar Dutt and sprint legend Milkha Singh questioning the move even as the IOA and some other athletes backed the decision."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is urging Republican delegates to focus on a single politician : Barack Obama."
Six people have been taken to hospital - including four firefighters - after a fire in the Wolseley area."
HTC announced its flagship smartphone, HTC 10 earlier this month."
After two big raids at breeding facilities in Surrey and Langley earlier this year that saw dozens of animals malnourished, diseased and near death, the government has announced steps to regulate the industry."
Tomorrow's cars will be all-electric, self-driving, connected to high-speed communications networks... and free."
Justin Trudeau and his 30 ministers have arrived at a luxury mountain resort in Alberta for a cabinet retreat."
UK retailer BHS could file for administration as early as Monday, threatening 11, 000 jobs, the BBC understands."
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio's campaign attorney Sunday accused the state's top election investigator of trying to \"selectively criminalize\" legal political fundraising efforts in a January memo accusing the mayor of breaking campaign finance laws."
The Japanese stock market swung between gains and losses on Monday following the mixed cues from Wall Street on Friday."
Sunday the political eyes turn to the Wabash Valley as Ted Cruz is set to hold a rally in Terre Haute."
This story contains spoilers from the season six premiere of HBO's Game of Thrones. ]."
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray today accused the BJP of misleading the youth of the country, which has in turn given birth to the likes of Rohith Vemula, Hardik Patel and Kanhaiya Kumar, the youth figures who have been in news in the last few months."
The $20 bill is the third most widely circulated bill in the U.S.As for Jackson, history has been less kind."
Hundreds of people marked one year since the unrest that followed Freddie Gray's death with a unity march Sunday."
If you live in the Mahoning or Shenango Valleys, the air you breathe may put your health at be at risk according to a new study compiled by the American Lung Association."
Mitsubishi Motors Corp. apologized Wednesday while admitting it improperly tested fuel consumption rates for minicar models sold in Japan, giving 625, 000 vehicles inflated fuel efficiency rates."
The Ministry of External Affairs on Sunday revoked industrialist Vijay Mallya's passport."
Apple's global iPhone shipments will fall short of analysts' consensus estimates of 210 to 230 million units in the 2016 fiscal year, according to a new research note issued by respected KGI Securities market analyst Ming-Chi Kuo."
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron has stepped up calls for the UK to take in child refugees who have fled to Europe, ahead of a key vote in Parliament on Monday."
Davao City Mayor Rodrigo Duterte widened his lead the April 12-17, 2016 Pulse Asia survey on presidential preference."
The Uttarakhand High Court on Saturday deferred till April 25 hearing on the petition challenging the disqualification of nine rebel Congress MLAs."
The consensus on the South China Sea issue that China reached with three Asean states is aimed at showing regional support for Beijing's rejection of an impending international court ruling on disputes in these waters."
Egypt's military deploys forces nationwide ahead of Monday protests."
The Jordanian government warned on Monday that there would be \"serious consequences\" if Israel continues to allow Jews to ascend the Temple Mount following a busy Sunday where over 100 Israeli Jews visited the holy site in honor of the first of the intermediary days of Passover, Israel Radio reported."
Nicky Morgan is preparing to make a U-turn over plans to force all schools to become academies as she battles to contain a Tory rebellion."
One person is hospitalized and a suspect is in custody following a shooting at a church in North Wales, Montgomery County."
History is made in New York when countries formally signed the Paris climate agreement, which was initially approved in December last year."
London mayor Boris Johnson has been accused of being \"disgraceful\" over comments he made in an article critisising President Obama."
Is designer Rachel Roy the mysterious \"Becky\" Beyonc references in a new song about a cheating lover ?"
On the edge of Belarus' Chernobyl exclusion zone, down the road from the signs warning \"Stop !"
Despite Delhi government's announcement of a special DTC bus service for MPs to reach Parliament, BJP MP and actor Paresh Rawal decided to use his personal car with an even number plate on Monday."
COLUMBUS -- A new study conducted by doctors at Nationwide Children's Hospital found that exposure to laundry detergent pods is more dangerous to children than exposure to other types of detergent."
Energy company Exxon Mobil said Friday it has started production at its Point Thomson project, the first company-operated project on Alaska's North Slope."
Just miles from the U.S. Capitol, two House Democrats are locked in an intense and increasingly personal battle for the future of their party and the legacy of one of the Senate's most path-breaking members."
Dutch medical equipment and services company Philips on Monday said it will likely seek an initial public offering of shares for its lighting division, which, as a standalone company, would be the world's largest lighting maker."
Michigan is among the states with the highest number of children who have a parent behind bars."
A court in Mumbai on Monday dropped charges against eight Muslim men who were charged with involvement in the 2006 Malegaon bomb blasts."
Heathrow's controversial proposal to build a third runway would place a 16bn burden on Transport for London as it would require upgrades to the road and railway networks that service the airport."
US President Barack Obama has warned Europe it is a \"blessing you can not take for granted\" during a speech at the G5 in Hannover."
The attackers who stole $81 million from the Bangladesh central bank probably hacked into software from the SWIFT financial platform that is at the heart of the global financial system, said security researchers at British defense contractor BAE Systems."
Years of planning and debate about installing bike lanes on Bloor Street will come to a head at a crucial committee vote today involving just four city councillors."
Toronto police are investigating after an Uber driver was shot outside a downtown bar."
For the March quarter, Microsoft reported GAAP declines of 6 % y/y in revenue, and 20 % y/y in operating income."
Japanese nuclear regulators said Monday that they will revise laws, nearly double inspection staff and send some inspectors to the U.S. for training to address insufficiencies cited by International Atomic Energy Agency experts."
The Liberals are facing calls to reopen a new peacekeeping training centre three years after the demise of Canada's former school, The Canadian Press has learned."
U.S. Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz (R-TX) greets supporters Sunday at a campaign event at Woodrow Wilson Middle School in Terre Haute, Indiana."
Mondelez India Foods, a part of the $30 billion Mondelez International, today inaugurated its largest manufacturing plant in Asia Pacific, built at an investment of $190 million here."
A Toronto publication called anti-Semitic, xenophobic and racist by its critics is now at the centre of a human rights complaint filed against Canada Post and the Government of Canada."
The pop star's plane landed in Moline, Illinois last Friday and TMZ is reporting that sources say he was given a \"save shot\" used to counteract the effects of opiate overdose.Prince made headlines late last week after he was rushed to the hospital following an emergency plane landing in IL."
Michigan is among the states with the highest number of children who have a parent behind bars."
The secretive TTIP is nothing more than U.S. imperialism at its worst, as the trade agreement is meant to privilege their multinational companies."
Bitstamp has become the first nationally licensed Bitcoin exchange in the world, gaining a payment institution license from Luxembourg."
The Maalbeek metro station in Brussels hit by a suicide attack last month that killed 16 people reopened to passengers on Monday."
Bookmakers' odds have shifted sharply toward Britain voting to remain in the European Union in the June referendum, a move in sentiment also reflected by the pound rising on Monday to a near a six-week high against the euro."
Afghanistan's President Ashraf Ghani has called on Pakistan to battle the Taliban rather than try to bring them into peace talks."
Presenting its first London FTSE market update, GVC Holdings Plc described 2015 as a \"momentous year for the company\", having completed its acquisition of bwin.party Entertainment assets in December 2015."
Sean Parker, the billionaire philanthropist most known for co-founding Napster and Facebook, has put together \"The Immunotherapy Dream Team\" of scientists in the latest effort to fight cancer."
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will campaign in Indiana on Tuesday."
While the Met Department pegged the maximum temperature on Sunday at 39.2 degrees Celsius, smartphones displayed temperatures ranging between 40 to 41 degrees Celsius, resulting in a scare among users."
A severe thunderstorm watch is in effect until 10 p.m Sunday for the entire WOWT viewing area."
EE is bringing its customer service operations back to the UK, after being branded one of the UK's worst mobile networks for customer satisfaction."
As Archie Bunker might say, the world is going down the terlet."
Goldman Sachs is getting in on the online-only bank action, offering a digital savings account at a rate of 1.05 %."
Ted Cruz won't allow transgender people to choose their bathrooms, but he's fine with making stupid jokes about it."
Police are investigating a deadly shooting involving a man who was talking to a political candidate in the Cedarbrook section of Philadelphia."
Department store retailers must close hundreds of underperforming stores in order to recapture the level of productivity they enjoyed a decade ago, according to new research from real estate research company Green Street Advisors, the Wall Street Journal reports."
The newly-elected National Union of Students president, Malia Bouattia, has said media reports describing her as an anti-semitic Isis sympathiser are \"simply not true\"."
Newspaper publisher Gannett is offering to buy Tribune Publishing Co. for approximately $388.3 million."
Halliburton booked a $2.1 bn expense in the first quarter for cutting jobs and writing off assets, giving some results early and delaying the full earnings release as it strives to wrap up a takeover of rival Baker Hughes."
New U.S. single-family home sales unexpectedly fell in March, but the decline was concentrated in the West region, suggesting that the housing market continued to strengthen."
Kenyan police fired tear gas into a crowd of opposition leaders and their supporters as they marched on the office of the country's electoral commission to demand it disband before next year's election."
Nicola Sturgeon has insisted it would be \"unconscionable\" for the UK Government to go back on its commitment to build vital Royal Navy vessels on the Clyde."
Four southeast Michigan hospitals received \"A\" grades in a national ranking of 2, 500 hospitals nationwide on improvements in the prevention of errors, injuries, accidents and infections."
I keep hearing again and again that 2016 is \"the year of the outsider\" in American politics."
The editor of Bangladesh's only LGBT magazine has been hacked to death by suspected Islamist militants at an apartment in the capital."
British astronaut Tim Peake became the first man and second person to finish a marathon in space on Sunday."
Some of the record-breaking 73 firearms TSA officers found at airport checkpoints last week."
The Odisha government on Monday declared summer vacation for schools from April 26 in view of the continuing heat wave conditions in the state."
Gold rose on Monday as a retreat in the dollar helped to tempt back some buyers after the previous session's 1.3 percent slide, but moves were muted ahead of a Federal Reserve policy meeting this week."
Kanhaiya Kumar, the JNU student accused of sedition, has been fined Rs."
First Foundation Inc., a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, which collectively provide investment management, wealth planning, consulting, insurance, trust and banking services primarily to high net-worth individuals and businesses, today reported its financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2016."
The World Health Organisation 2 billion people remain at risk to malaria attack globally."
The most common mode of transmission for Zika virus is through the bite of an Aedes aegypti mosquito."
Dozens of Bob Evans restaurants are closing."
The Canadian government has announced a five-year plan with a budget of 1.4 billion dollars dedicated to arts and culture."
The results season for the January-March 2016 quarter has started on a disappointing note, thanks to a record loss posted by energy major Cairn India."
The Supreme Court will not hear the case of a Lakewood baker who refused to make a wedding cake for a same-sex couple."
SpaceX's Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket's first stage successfully landed on its drone ship April 8 during a successful mission to deliver SpaceX's Dragon capsule to the international space station."
LANSING (WWJ/AP) -- A legislative committee created to review Flint's water crisis hearing from top-ranking leaders in Gov. Rick Snyder's administration."
Arizona has officially dismissed all charges against a man accused of opening fire on multiple occasions along Interstate 10."
Volkswagen AG said on Monday it would go to a U.S. federal appeals court in an effort to keep the United Auto Workers union from representing a portion of the company's plant workers in Chattanooga, Tennessee."
Bank of New York Mellon Corp has named John Weir head of its newly formed Application Platform and Services group, a unit of the company's Client Technology Solutions organization."
The partnership not only sees Nokia provide Disney with the Ozo hardware and associated software, but also advise on the kind of VR content Disney produces."
Soldiers and policemen intensified efforts on Monday, April 25, to rescue 4 hostages kidnapped in Samal Island last year, amid threats of the Abu Sayyaf Group that it will behead one of its hostages if its demands are not met."
Bernie Sanders brought his message of equality for all to a charged crowd of more than 10, 000 people on the New Haven Green Sunday night."
Lawyers for Ammon Bundy revealed plans to contest the authority of the federal government to prosecute their client for the takeover of a national wildlife refuge in Oregon."
A Pennsylvania appeals court has rejected Bill Cosby's attempt to halt his criminal case because of what he called a decade-old deal not to prosecute him."
The U.S. Justice Department approved Charter Communications Inc's proposed purchase of Time Warner Cable Inc and Bright House networks on Monday."
Xerox Corp reported a 4.2 percent fall in quarterly revenue, hurt by a strong dollar and lower sales of printers and copiers."
New, commercially available encryption software ` had and is having major, profound effects on our ability' to collect intelligence, ` particularly against terrorists, ' James Clapper told reporters at a Monitor-hosted breakfast."
Erin Andrews has settled her multimillion lawsuit against a hotel over the peephole videos filmed by a stalker."
The city of Cleveland has agreed to pay $6 million to the family of Tamir Rice, the 12-year-old fatally shot by a police officer in 2014."
Hooray for science and freedom of information -- CERN has released over 300TB of data from the Large Hadron Collider onto the internet for free to enable anyone study particle physics and use the data in their own research."
Iran is holding talks with Russia to sell it about 40 tonnes of heavy water from its nuclear program, Iran's deputy foreign minister was quoted as saying by the Fars news agency."
U.S. stocks slipped in quiet trading Monday as energy companies dropped with the price of oil."
Kelly Ripa will return to her show Kelly and Michael on Tuesday."
Metro police are investigating a shooting at the Music City Central bus station after gunshots rang out Monday afternoon in downtown Nashville."
The International Criminal Court says it is opening a preliminary probe into the violence that erupted last year in Burundi."
A judge today officially put an end to the fight between the Justice Department and Apple over unlocking the iPhone of a New York man convicted of selling drugs."
Muskogee deputies said they seized over $50, 000 during a traffic stop."
NBC 5 in Chicago is reporting that a Chicago police officer was shot in the shoulder in the city's Little Village neighborhood on Monday afternoon."
The Justice Department asked a federal court to appoint a third party to operate the long-troubled New Orleans jail, saying new leadership is essential because the city's sheriff has for years failed to improve conditions that endanger inmates."
Nova Scotia Justice Minister Diana Whalen is requesting a meeting with members of Halifax Regional Police after three men were shot to death in the city in a span of six days."
Husky Energy says it is selling 65 per cent of its ownership interest in some midstream assets in the Lloydminster region of Alberta and Saskatchewan for $1.7 billion in cash."
Rising carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere have increased plant growth across the planet over the past three decades, a new study has found."
Justin Trudeau's Liberal government has tabled its long-awaited law on doctor-assisted dying, which lays out the conditions on who could seek medical help to end their life."
Ted Cruz's presidential campaign has a short list of potential vice presidential picks that includes former rival Carly Fiorina, campaign aides announced Monday."
China's government said on Monday that it would strictly control the total capacity of its coal-fired power sector, confirming a move that had previously been flagged by the country's energy watchdog."
The jewellers in India may be hoping in vain that the government will withdraw 1 percent excise duty, it imposed on non-silver jewellery in Budget 2016."
It's been a year since a devastating 7.8 earthquake struck Nepal, killing almost 9000 people and injuring more than 21, 000 others."
Asian stocks were on the defensive on Tuesday after oil prices eased and as investors braced for central bank policy meetings in the United States and Japan later this week."
Pune Municipal Corporation has completed its closed pipeline project from Khadakwasla dam to Parvati water works."
Europe will attempt to launch a Russian Soyuz rocket for the fourth time Monday after weather conditions and technical faults halted previous take-offs, launch service Arianespace said."
NXP Semiconductors is gearing up for a first-quarter report."
NORTH CAROLINA -- A federal judge has upheld North Carolina's voter ID law."
France has won the $50 billion contract to help build Australia's next fleet of submarines, with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull indicating all 12 submarines will be built in Adelaide."
A team from Rutgers University and the University of Georgia, led by Asa Rennermalm of Rutgers, measures meltwater runoff from the ice sheet margin in Greenland during summer 2013."
The state BJP unit has come down heavily on BSP chief Mayawati charging that her silence on a poster depicting her as Goddess Kali speaks volumes about the mentality of BSP workers."
Scientists have discovered a new reef system at the mouth of the Amazon River, the largest river by discharge of water in the world."
A federal judge upheld a sweeping North Carolina law that required voters to show a photo identification before casting a ballot."
Google has a plan to retain some of its top talent."
Councils have called for the Government to reduce the maximum stakes on fixed odds betting terminals which can see punters lose hundreds of pounds a minute."
The Notley government has unveiled $18.5 million to replace the emergency services centre in Kananaskis."
Philanthropists Sandy and Joan Weill on Monday announced a $185 million donation for a new neuroscience institute at UC San Francisco, the largest donation in the school's history."
Global warming has mostly made the weather more pleasant for Americans over the past 40 years, which may explain why much of the public doesn't consider climate change as big a threat as do scientists and the rest of the world, a new study suggests."
A revised controversial law that seeks to harshly regulate foreign non-government organizations in China is under review by the country's lawmakers."
The 51.30 hour countdown for the launch of India's seventh and final navigation satellite on April 28 afternoon begun at 9.20 a.m on Tuesday at Sriharikota rocket port of Indian Space Research Organisation."
The temporary alliance between Senator Ted Cruz and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, formed to deny Donald J. Trump the Republican presidential nomination, was already fraying almost to the point of irrelevance on Monday, only hours after it was announced to great fanfare."
CHICAGO - A new collaboration among philanthropic organization hopes to make investments of $100 million in Chicago nonprofit organizations and social enterprises."
The Latest on the U.S. Senate debate ."
The National Weather Service confirmed that a weak tornado touched down in League City early Sunday evening, at around 6:30."
A consortium of 13 banks led by the State Bank of India on Monday told the Supreme Court that from the non-disclosure of assets by beleaguered liquor baron Vijay Mallya, it was not possible to assess his capacity to pay their outstanding dues to the tune of more than Rs 9, 000 crore advanced to his now-grounded Kingfisher Airlines."
Oil major BP reported a pretax loss of US$865 million (S$1.17 billion) in the first quarter of 2016 as low oil prices continue to plague the company."
Members of the Windsor Health Coalition are asking people from the area to vote in an informal referendum to stop provincial cuts to the health care system."
For the first time, scientists have studied the eyes and skin of a group of shy sharks that live deep in the water, in a dark blue realm of low light."
Nokia's history as the world's biggest mobile phone maker is becoming a distant memory, but it's not out of the gadget business just yet."
On Societe Generale reiterated its price target on shares of Whitbread giving the company a ` Hold' rating."
BP said on Tuesday it could cut capital spending further after reporting an 80 percent drop in profits in the first quarter of the year, when oil prices touched a near 13-year low."
The proposed merger of Time Warner and Charter Communications is set for approval by government regulators, who want the combined company to follow restrictions designed to prevent it from stifling the growth of streaming video services."
A German trade union has called for a strike at airports across the country on Wednesday."
Independent Bank Corporation reported first quarter 2016 net income of $4.1 million, or $0.19 per diluted share, versus net income of $3.8 million, or $0.16 per diluted share, in the prior-year period."
Dawood Ibrahim may be suffering from crippling form of gangrene."
Authorities reportedly liked software but ` there was higher-level instruction not to buy Israeli technology'."
Ant Financial, the Alibaba affiliate that runs Alipay and other financial services in China, has announced a truly huge round of funding today."
In a bid to make mobile phone handsets an effective tool for self-protection, the government on Monday said no such device will be sold from next year without a single-key panic button."
First Interstate BancSystem Inc. on Monday reported first-quarter earnings of $20.1 million."
Researchers from the University of Florida and Union College in Lincoln, NE wondered whether bed bugs preferred certain colors for their hiding places, so they did some testing in the lab."
U.S. Senate hopefuls from Florida will square off in an \"open debate\" with questions chosen by a public vote."
The UPA government showed \"substantial disregard\" in arriving at the full truth behind the VVIP chopper scandal and didn't share critical documents with investigators, an Italian court that found corruption in the Rs 3, 565-crore deal observed."
Berkshire Hathaway Chairman and CEO Warren Buffett will give his insight into the company and markets at Saturday's eagerly awaited annual shareholders meeting in Omaha, Neb.."
Chemicals and seed producer DuPont reported a 5.5 percent fall in first-quarter sales, mainly due to the strong dollar."
Physicists at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory identified a new water state that breaks the fundamental rules of water."
Everest Re Group Ltd released its earnings results on Monday."
Showtime has officially wrapped production on its Twin Peaks revival, and to celebrate, creators David Lynch and Mark Frost have unveiled the official cast list."
Heartland Financial USA Inc shares saw an uptick in trading volume on Monday after the company announced better than expected quarterly earnings, Market Beat Ratings reports."
At the moment, Donald Trump leads in Indiana in our latest CBS News Battleground Tracker."
After a marathon and spirited debate Monday night, council decided Windsor taxpayers will pay an annual one per cent levy for a proposed $2-billion mega-hospital."
Music help babies learn language better, in part by helping them learn to detect important rhythms, researchers reported Monday."
One of the first pieces to go when United States President Barack Obama entered the Oval Office in 2009 was a bust of Winston Churchill."
Passengers on some of Britain's busiest commuter rail routes face two days of disruption due to a strike by conductors on Southern trains."
A Louisiana woman claims she was denied service at a Family Dollar store in New Orleans because she's a lesbian."
Standard Chartered, an Asia-focused bank based in London, said on Tuesday that its pretax profit fell 59 percent as the lender continued to face \"challenging\" trading conditions in the first quarter."
The investigation into Madeleine McCann's disappearance could finish in the next few months."
Armenian officials say an explosion on a bus has killed one passenger and wounded six others in the capital, Yerevan."
Proposed changes to how Ottawa police officers are deployed on the street are frustrating some members of the force and some community groups."
CRF Frozen Foods of Pasco, Washington is voluntarily recalling 15 frozen vegetable items that have the potential to be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes, an organism which can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children S. Food and Drug Administration."
NBC is cutting the commercial clutter during \"Saturday Night Live.\"."
The U.N. envoy for Syria will brief the U.N. Security Council on the latest round of Geneva peace talks, which have stalled after the main opposition group largely pulled out of the negotiations."
Colliers International Group Inc is scheduled to issue its quarterly earnings data before the market opens on Wednesday, April 27th."
Polls are open and voters across Connecticut will have their chance today to cast a ballot in a presidential primary that has become one of the most talked-about political stories of the year."
Procter & Gamble Co. on Tuesday reported fiscal third-quarter net income of $2.75 billion."
WILMINGTON, Del. - A police chief in Delaware says charges will be filed by the end of the week in connection with the death of a 16-year-old high school student."
On Dutch journalist Ebru Umar published her first column in Metro Nieuws following her arrest in Turkey on Saturday."
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV said its first-quarter net profit rose to $478 million ($539 million) as North American consumers snapped up the auto maker's higher-priced sport-utility vehicles and pickup trucks."
Eli Lilly and Co. is set to release its first-quarter earnings report before the markets open on Tuesday."
Lockheed Martin Corporation is slated to report its first quarter fiscal 2016 earnings before markets open today."
Reports Sales and Earnings for the First Quarter Ended March 26, 2016."
The US Air Force on Monday flew in two F-22 Raptor fighter jets to Romania as a show of strength to deter Russian intervention in Ukraine."
Kid Rock's assistant was killed in an ATV accident overnight at a suburban Nashville property belonging to the singer."
Bank of Marin Bancorp, the parent company of Novato-based Bank of Marin, reported that earnings in the first quarter of 2016 increased to $5.6 million, compared to $4.5 million in the first quarter of 2015."
First quarter 2016 Net revenue was $796.5 million."
Office Depot reported Q1 EPS of $0.10, $0.02 worse than the analyst estimate of $0.12."
B/E Aerospace, the world's leading manufacturer of aircraft cabin interior products, today announced its first quarter 2016 financial results and raised its full year guidance."
After a lackluster week in response to a poor showing from Alphabet and Microsoft, technology sector exchange traded funds could experience another trying week with Apple and Facebook up to bat."
T-Mobile US Inc reported a 10.6 percent rise in quarterly revenue as heavy discounts helped the No. 3 wireless carrier attract more customers."
In 2016, the most important number is 1, 237 : the number of delegates required for a candidate to win the Republican presidential nomination outright."
The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the Finance ministry to form a panel to look into the bad loan issue."
Overwhelmingly Muslim Turkey needs a religious constitution and the precept of secularism should be dropped from the country's new charter marking a potential rupture with the modern republic's founding principles."
Turner has set a fall launch for FilmStuck, a subscription VOD service for film aficionados."
DBS Bank today launched a mobile only bank in India."
Announced plans to open two new Q auto stores in the greater Tampa, FL area in \"Despite continued margin pressure and flat unit sales, our strong parts and service performance and share repurchases enabled us to deliver 5 % EPS growth, \" said Craig Monaghan, Asbury's President and Chief Executive Officer."
Low-cost carrier Spirit Airlines is scheduled to release its first-quarter 2016 results, before the opening bell on Apr 26."
FirstMerit Corp. on Tuesday reported first-quarter profit of $54.1 million."
Liberty Property Trust reported that funds from operations available to common shareholders (diluted) (\"FFO\") for the first quarter of 2016 was $0.62 per share, compared to $0.70 per share for the first quarter of 2015."
Research analysts at National Bank Financial decreased their Q2 2016 earnings per share estimates for Canadian Pacific Railway Limited in a research report issued on Wednesday, according to Zacks Investment Research."
Kenya's controversial former first lady, Lucy Kibaki, has died in a London hospital of an undisclosed illness."
Congress on Tuesday issued show-cause notice to MLA Vinay Verma who was caught on camera drinking alcohol."
South Sudan's rebel leader has arrived in the capital, to join a government of national unity and establish peace in the war-ravaged country."
Singer Rita Ora is having a bigger role for the upcoming \"Fifty Shades\" sequel, \"Fifty Shades Darker\"."
U.S. home prices continued their steady upward march in February as buyers competed for a limited number of available properties."
The head of the Moscow Exchange commodities department, Mikhail Orlenko, believes that the project may be of interest both to private investors, who will get a new investment instrument, and to jewelers."
Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.06 EPS."
AK Steel today reported its financial results for the first quarter of 2016."
Norway does not agree that prison conditions for mass killer Anders Behring Breivik violate his human rights and will appeal an Oslo court's finding that they do, Justice Minister Anders Anundsen said on Tuesday."
If you aren't feeling much satisfaction in the wake of Senator Mike Duffy's fraud trial, you are not alone."
As if daily life in Venezuela wasn't hard enough people across the country will now have to add electricity to their list of things they'll have to do without."
Orders to U.S. factories for long-lasting manufactured goods rose in March, boosted by surging demand for defense equipment such as military aircraft."
Supporting evidence that the Beagle-2 probe is sitting intact on the surface of Mars has come from a new imaging technique developed by UCL scientists."
Bloomin' Brands Inc posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday."
Tenneco Inc announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday."
Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS."
G&K Services Inc. on Tuesday reported fiscal third-quarter profit of $17.6 million."
CoreOS today announced Stackanetes at the OpenStack Summit in Austin."
A Dayton woman who was struck and killed by a train in Kentucky was apparently investigating a local urban legend."
A noxious substance similar to pepper spray was released at three separate movie theatres at the same time Friday night, sending Cineplex moviegoers scrambling."
An advisory panel to the Food and Drug Administration on Monday voted against recommending approval for Sarepta Therapeutics' drug for the treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy, a muscle wasting disease which primarily affects young boys."
Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.11 EPS."
An education-minded bear paid a visit to a Los Angeles college campus before deciding to check out the neighborhood and being tranquilized in a home's back yard."
Officials from energy giant EDF are being called back to Parliament to explain to MPs a further delay in the Hinkley Point nuclear power station."
Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS."
A Labour MP who was forced to apologise after backing calls for Israel to ?"
New homophobic and racist text messages allegedly sent by a former San Francisco police officer are coming to light."
T-Mobile US Inc. said it swung to a profit in the first quarter of the year as revenue improved by a better-than-expected amount and as the wireless provider continues to add customers rapidly."
McGraw Hill Financial Inc. logged stronger-than-expected earnings in its first quarter thanks to its newly acquired SNL business."
Mumbai, april 26 : The Mumbai Anti terror squad on Tuesday arrested dreaded Indian Mujahideen terrorist Zain ul Abedin, from Mumbai airport."
BANGKOK : A same-sex American-Spanish couple won a high-profile custody battle on Tuesday against a surrogate mother in Thailand who gave birth to their child but then decided she wanted to keep the baby when she found out they were gay."
Few nations in the world take red traffic lights more seriously than Germany."
An elephant has died from exhaustion after years of carrying tourists to the famed Cambodian temple complex of Angkor Wat."
UMB Financial Corp announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday."
Lafayette-based Home Bancorp Inc. reported its first-quarter profit jumped to $3.3 million, or 47 cents per share, compared to $2.8 million, or 41 cents per share, a year ago."
Obesity continues to plague American kids, with a new study finding rates of severe obesity climbing over a 15-year period."
Today is National Pretzel Day, or as some of us like to call it, \"free pretzel day\" - since a number of major chains are giving away free pretzels to celebrate."
Summit State Bank today reported net income for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 of $1, 328, 000 and diluted earnings per share of $0.27."
Coach on Tuesday reported its first growth in quarterly profit in three years."
Israel's Shin Bet security service on Monday accused a Palestinian journalist arrested on the weekend of belonging to a \"terror group\" after colleagues called for international support for his release."
The sensitive data of 1.1 million users of dating website BeautifulPeople.com has allegedly been leaked online and is being sold, according to a report by Forbes."
A gauge of U.S. consumer confidence declined in April, a sign of caution that could restrain the broader economy."
Simon Property Group Inc updated its FY16 earnings guidance on Tuesday."
Moody's Investors Service has assigned the following definitive ratings to notes issued by Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited as trustee of the Crusade ABS Series 2016-1 Trust."
Recent press reports suggest that Senate Democrats may seek to use a motion to discharge to force a procedural vote on the nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to the U.S. Supreme Court."
The more kids are spanked in their growing up years, the more are they likely to not listen to their parents and exhibit anti-social behaviour, a new study has found."
Atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration was the major driver behind the global climatic shifts that occurred in the \"Eocene epoch\" between 53 and 34 million years ago."
Senior Israeli politicians in the ruling coalition government called for the annexation of the Occupied West Bank, during a Passover event in Hebron on Monday."
Intel is about to lay off 12, 000 people."
Nord Anglia Education Inc released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday."
Have you ever tried to capture close-up video of yourself or others with a traditional drone ?"
Legendary former Indiana University basketball coach Bobby Knight will join Donald Trump this week at an Indianapolis rally, the GOP front-runner's campaign announced Monday."
Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.14 EPS."
The Delhi High Court has allowed, sale and manufacture of Breast cancer drug Trastuzumab by Biocon Limited, an India based company, with certain restrictions."
Alphabet Inc's Google unit, Ford Motor Co, the ride-sharing service Uber and two other companies said on Tuesday they are forming a coalition to push for federal action to help speed self-driving cars to market."
Google, Uber and Lyft have joined forces with automakers Volvo and Ford, creating a coalition to influence lawmakers, regulators and the public, Automotive News reported on Tuesday."
Prince's sister has filed to open a probate case after saying that she believes her brother left no will."
As the investigation into the killings of eight family members in rural Ohio entered its fifth day, more details slowly trickled out."
I started having a panic attack, \" he told CNN."
French retailer Fnac offered 170 pence per Darty share in what it said was its final offer for Europe's largest electronics goods retailer, trumping a 160 pence offer by South African retailer Steinhoff, t."
Twitter Inc will report its first quarter earnings after the closing bell on Tuesday."
Virginia McLaurin, who recently turned 107, was still basking in the glow of her dance with President Obama in February."
The kooky Florida college professor who claims the Newtown massacre was a hoax is suing the university that got rid of him."
The list of Wilful Defaulters and Defaulting Borrowers has been released by Reserve Bank of India as claimed by Newslaundry."
British drugmaker AstraZeneca Plc said it would buy the U.S. marketing rights for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc's newly-approved gout drug for up to $265 million."
Sonic Automotive Inc issued an update on its FY16 earnings guidance on Tuesday morning."
Masco Corp. on Tuesday reported first-quarter profit of $109 million."
A French court on Tuesday sentenced a Dutch dentist to eight years in jail for deliberately mangling his patients ?"
Deaths from malaria in Angola this year look set to surge past the numbers reported in 2015, as part of a spreading health crisis that includes one of the country's worst yellow fever outbreaks in decades - which the World Health Organization said is of global concern."
Iraq's parliament approved a partial Cabinet reshuffle proposed by Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on Tuesday, bowing to mounting public pressure for reform, including mass protests led by an influential Shiite cleric."
Ally Financial Inc. today reported net income of $250 million for the first quarter of 2016."
In 1442, Shinto priests in Japan began keeping records of the freeze dates of a nearby lake, while in 1693 Finnish merchants started recording breakup dates on a local river."
It was great theatre : The good-looking Canadian prime minister, standing before a blackboard full of equations, taking a spitball question about quantum computing and belting it out of the park."
Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.04 EPS."
Republican leaders of the Virginia General Assembly are calling on Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe to convene a special legislative session to discuss the governor's recent restoration of voting and other civil rights to more than 200, 000 convicted felons."
A beautifully preserved fossil skull unearthed in Argentina is giving scientists unparalleled insight into the sensory capabilities and behavior of a group of dinosaurs that were the largest land animals in Earth's history."
Under Armour has a long way to go before it usurps Nike."
April 2015 image from the Hubble Space Telescope of the dwarf planet Makemake and its newly found moon."
Chobani says it is giving its employees an ownership stake in the privately held company."
FBI Director James Comey said on Tuesday that his agency was still assessing whether a vulnerability used to unlock an iPhone linked to one of the San Bernardino killers would go through a government review to determine if it should be disclosed to Apple or the public."
Chyna's manager has claimed he planned to put the WWE wrestling icon on Intervention, a reality television show which explores the problems faced by addicts."
A New Jersey police officer saved a distraught man from jumping off a bridge Monday."
SAN DIEGO - A 3-day-old California boy mauled to death by the family dog died from bites to his head."
Spain's King Felipe VI decided Tuesday that none of the country's political parties has enough support to form a government, setting the stage for an unprecedented repeat election in June, six months after voters ended the nation's traditional two-party system."
HBO has Given Bill Simmons' anticipated talk show a debut date."
Axis Bank Ltd on Tuesday reported a drop in net profit for the quarter ended March 2016, the first in 46 quarters."
Cree reported 3rd Quarter March 2016 earnings of $0.17 per share."
Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc., a premier provider of senior-level executive search, leadership consulting and culture shaping services globally, today announced financial results for its first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
Capella Education Company shot up 4.8 % during trading on Tuesday following a stronger than expected earnings report, AnalystRatings.Net reports."
Can Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. fly higher on a strong earnings report ?"
Pioneer Natural Resources released its quarterly earnings data on Monday."
Syrian State TV is reporting that rebels have shelled two government-controlled areas in the contested city of Aleppo, killing nine people."
AT&T Inc. is scheduled to report financial results for the first quarter after the market closes on Tuesday, April 26."
Highlights of the CNXC first quarter of 2016 results include ."
The White House was placed on lockdown Tuesday after a possible fence jumper near the premises."
Asda will be publicly shamed by competition watchdogs as part of a major clampdown which could see misleading \"multi-buy\" deals in supermarkets permanently phased out."
Express Scripts just reported Q1 earnings of $1.22 per share which matched Wall Street's expectations."
Sanmina Corp updated its third quarter earnings guidance on Monday."
Sturgis Bancorp, Inc. today announced net income of $592, 000 for the first quarter of 2016."
Investment analysts at Jefferies Group dropped their Q2 2016 earnings estimates for EMC in a report released on Wednesday, according to Zacks Investment Research."
Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.04 EPS."
Police at the University of Central Florida are investigating reports of a person with a gun at the campus library."
Panera Bread Company today reported financial results for fiscal Q1 2016."
Chipotle reported its first quarterly loss ever and a massive decline in sales on Tuesday."
Cascade Microtech, Inc. today reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
Mercury Systems Inc posted its earnings results on Tuesday."
Hillary Clinton is looking to a series of contests in northeastern states on Tuesday to solidify what's rapidly becoming a nearly unstoppable march to the Democratic presidential nomination."
The trial of three men accused of being behind one of the largest leaks in corporate history has begun in Luxembourg."
New York state's fraud suit against Trump University is moving along."
Allison Transmission Holdings Inc issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday."
Donald Trump will never change, campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said Tuesday."
Wabash National Corporation, a diversified industrial manufacturer and North America's leading producer of semi-trailers and liquid transportation systems, today reported results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
Fortinet Inc is scheduled to be releasing its Q116 earnings data on Tuesday, April 26th."
Aflac Inc. on Tuesday reported first-quarter net income of $731 million."
The White House is pledging $100 million to expand workforce training programs at community colleges, building on President Obama's goal of making tuition at community colleges free."
Covanta Holding Corporation (\"Covanta\" or the \"Company\"), a leading global owner and operator of Energy-from-Waste (\"EfW\") infrastructure, reported financial results today for the three months ended March 31, 2016."
Edwards Lifesciences Corp will be posting its Q116 quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 26th."
Alberta Premier Rachel Notley says she is going to Washington, D.C., this week to spread the word on her government's climate-change plan."
Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.03 EPS."
FirstEnergy Corp. on Tuesday reported first-quarter earnings of $328 million."
Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS."
A high school prom in Antigo, Wisconsin, turned deadly last weekend when a teenager opened fire outside the dance."
Bank of Santa Clarita today announced significant growth in loans for the first quarter of 2016, as total loans grew from $183.2 million to $197.8 million, a growth of 8 % in that quarter ; moreover, the Bank noted that from March 31, 2015 to March 31, 2016, its loan portfolio had increased from $167.6 million to $197.8, million, a growth rate of 18 %."
NORTHFIELD, Ill., April 26, 2016/PRNewswire/-- Stepan Company today reported ."
Pennsylvania voters went to the polls Tuesday with strong views about who should be president, as attention shifted from a well-worn campaign trail to the voting booths in contests including the first competitive Republican primary in decades, as well as races for Congress and state offices."
Public Storage released a profit for its first quarter that advanced compared to the same period last year."
President of the European Parliament Martin Schulz is scheduled to visit India in June."
Franklin Street Properties Corp. is scheduled to post its Q116 quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 26th."
Janus Capital Group Inc released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday."
The number of foreign fighters joining the Islamic State militant group in Iraq and Syria has decreased sharply in the past year to about 200 a month."
Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS."
Segment (loss) earnings before interest and income taxes."
ConnectOne Bancorp Inc posted its earnings results on Friday."
A judge has ordered four Baltimore polling places to each stay open an extra hour because they opened late."
Charges on polluting vehicles entering town and city centres could be introduced in dozens of areas across the UK under plans to help improve air quality."
The Chancellor is likely to argue the latest GDP figure shows the EU referendum is already weighing down the UK economy."
The Delhi high court on Tuesday allowed steel importers to import steel on payment of the differential between the minimum import price and contract price."
Jodie Sweetin isn't letting an injury -- or an incredibly daunting dance -- keep her down."
Reports First Quarter 2016 Financial Results, Monthly Premium New Insurance Written Grows 23 % Sequentially."
India could have done better in dealing with China's veto of the proposal to impose a UN ban on Pakistan-based Jaish-e-Muhammed chief Masood Azhar."
Apple reported its first year-over-year quarterly decline in sales of the iPhone, its dominant product, as the company reported second-quarter results on Tuesday."
Product revenue from North America increased 76 percent from the first quarter of 2015 to $55.2 million, representing 72 percent of our total product revenue for the quarter."
TransUnion (the \"Company\") today announced financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2016."
A man was stuck in a Canmore cave for several hours while rescue teams worked to get him out."
IntriCon Corporation, a designer, developer, manufacturer and distributor of miniature and micro-miniature body-worn devices, today announced financial results for its first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
The South Sudanese man, who authorities say is 29 but posed as a student at a Windsor high school, will remain in jail."
Republican Donald Trump swept to easy victories Tuesday in Connecticut, Maryland and Pennsylvania primaries, keeping the brash billionaire on his narrow path to the GOP nomination."
Following backlash by Boston officials and residents, online retailer Amazon has announced it will soon extend its same-day delivery service to Roxbury."
Zix Corp. on Tuesday reported first-quarter earnings of $1.6 million."
High school seniors on their way to college were feted by U.S. first lady Michelle Obama and a host of celebrities on Tuesday as she encouraged them to make the most of their college experiences, get involved in campus life and ask for help when they need it."
The Saskatchewan Indian Gaming Authority in Saskatchewan is looking to build a casino in Lloydminster.The Federation of Saskatchewan Indian Nations has been granted conditional approval for the Saskatchewan Indian Gaming Authority to build and run the casino."
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will visit a steel mill and an automobile plant Tuesday to highlight her stance on U.S. manufacturing jobs."
Exactech Inc. on Tuesday reported first-quarter net income of $4.4 million."
An announcement called by media authoritative, Gannett Co. to acquire Tribune Publishing Co. worth $400 million left reviewing board into a negotiating panel."
The massive carcass of a whale was rotting Tuesday at a popular California surfing spot while authorities were deciding whether to tow it out to sea or cut it into pieces and load it onto trucks."
AT&T has reported its earnings for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2016, noting yet another big bump in consolidated revenues due to its recent DirecTV acquisition, along with respectable wireless subscriber growth."
Donald Trump swept primaries in five Northeastern states on Tuesday, moving closer to winning the Republican presidential nomination as he easily defeated rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich."
Equity Residential on Tuesday reported a key measure of profitability in its first quarter."
North Korea's biggest political convention in decades opens in Pyongyang on May 6."
The Anaheim City Council is set to vote at its Tuesday meeting on a resolution condemning GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump's \"divisive rhetoric.\"."
NASA has selected Aerojet Rocketdyne to design and develop an advanced solar electric propulsion system that will serve as a critical enabling technology for sending humans and robots on deep space exploration missions to cislunar space, asteroids and the Red Planet."
The 97 percent of scientists frequently cited by President Obama who agree on climate change ?"
State Sen. Jamie Raskin led self-funded businessman David Trone and former television news anchor Kathleen Matthews in the most expensive congressional primary race in the nation -- a crowded contest in Maryland's Montgomery County-based 8th District."
While still poring over a federal judge's 485-page ruling upholding North Carolina's recent election law overhaul on Tuesday, attorneys for the voters and civil rights organizations challenging the changes quickly filed notice of plans to appeal."
Expressing his delight over the progress in talks between India and Pakistan, Major General (Retd.)."
A judge has ordered four Baltimore polling places to each stay open an extra hour because they opened late."
Anwar Eshki, a retired major general in the Saudi military, said on Monday that Saudi Arabia would establish an embassy in Tel Aviv in exchange for Israel adopting the Arab Peace Initiative."
The new Dyson Supersonic hairdryer took four years and # 50 million to develop."
A couple have been found shot dead in their home in San Jose next to chilling note scrawled on the floor saying : ` Sorry, my first kill was clumsy.'."
Sterling raced to a 12-week high against the dollar yesterday as investors brushed off fears about Britain leaving the European Union."
There are numerous ways New Zealand can tackle climate change but we must act now."
Unable to repay a loan, distressed farmer and mother in Barnala district of Punjab allegedly committed suicide on Tuesday."
About 200 persons-and approximately four million bees-were buzzing about Emory Branch Road off Cranston Road on Saturday, April 16."
Statoil (OSE : STL, NYSE : STO) reports adjusted earnings of USD 857 million in the first quarter of 2016."
Asian stocks were mixed Wednesday after an overnight surge in oil prices raised questions about the outlook for the energy sector."
It's not a promising picture for the nation's high school seniors - they are slipping in math, not making strides in reading and only about one-third are prepared for the academic challenges of entry-level college courses."
Caitlyn Jenner, Nicki Minaj, and more stars attended the Time 100 Gala on Tuesday, joining fellow honorees from the magazine?s 2016 list of the ?"
Clashes between migrants in a Greek detention camp and police erupted on Tuesday."
Sydney : A team of researchers has found that certain nutritional supplements can increase the effectiveness of anti-depressants in people suffering from depression."
Nintendo's new console, code-named NX, will launch worldwide in March 2017, the company's latest financial results reveal."
Barclays reported a worse than expected 33 percent slump in pretax profits for the first three months of the year, as the lender followed its U.S. peers in reporting falling investment banking revenues in a weak global market environment."
MetLife, Inc. a leading global provider of insurance, annuities and employee benefit programs, announced that it has been recognized with awards for innovation in three categories at the 2016 Asia-Pacific Stevie  Awards including ."
Donald Trump will give a major foreign policy speech on Wednesday as he seeks to break free from the rough and tumble primary election campaign, and project himself as a world leader in waiting."
HORRIFIC new CCTV footage of an ISIS terrorist blowing himself up in French restaurant Comptoir Voltaire has surfaced for the first time since the Paris attacks."
Nordea Bank AB Wednesday posted a 28 % drop in first-quarter net profit as volatility on financial markets and lower interest rates pressured revenues."
Another leading international economic body joined calls for Britain to stay in the European Union on Wednesday when the head of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development said a so-called Brexit would hit the workers' pockets."
Drugs mule Melissa Reid is set to return to the UK \"very soon\" after Peruvian authorities agreed to expel her from the country."
The province's Special Investigations Unit is investigating after a 26-year-old man was found dead late Monday night just east of Bancroft."
Microfinance player Ujjivan Financial Services will hit capital markets tomorrow to raise nearly Rs 885 crore through an initial public offering."
To check rash driving, the government is considering putting up three-dimensional paintings on major highways and busy roads to create virtual speed breakers, Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari said today."
Vicor Corporation today reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
A tornado caused injuries in northern Texas amid a series of storms that brought hail and high winds to the nation's midsection."
The Tories were forced into a humiliating climbdown on their trade union reforms today as another House of Lords defeated loomed."
Israeli police on Tuesday ejected nine Jews from the flashpoint Al-Aqsa compound in east Jerusalem for flouting the site's rules and briefly detained two Palestinians who attacked Jewish visitors."
China's massive corporate debt problem could be eased through debt-to-equity conversions or securitization of non-performing loans, the International Monetary Fund said on Tuesday, but only if these apply to viable firms that undergo restructuring."
Nestle has struck a deal with Britain's R&R Ice Cream to form a joint venture that will sell ice cream and frozen food in more than 20 countries, its latest attempt to adapt to a changing and more competitive market."
Top executives from Google are reportedly weighing a pitch from its \"smart city\" spin-off Sidewalk Labs about taking over a section of a preexisting city and rebuilding it with a particular focus on technology, efficient infrastructure, and self-driving cars."
The U.S. Supreme Court hears oral arguments Wednesday in a case that tests the corruption conviction of former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell."
PS Business Parks Inc announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday."
Britain's large current account deficit could become harder to finance and sterling might slide if it votes to leave the European Union at a referendum in June, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development said on Wednesday."
Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.19 EPS."
The Indian Navy Commander said that eight fire extinguisher have been sent to the spot."
Today, Governor Christie released the following statement in response to Mayor Ras Baraka's comments on Newark public schools."
The number of foreign fighters joining the Islamic State militant group in Iraq and Syria has decreased sharply in the past year to about 200 a month."
Boston Scientific is set to release its 1Q16 earnings results on April 27, 2016."
Sir Philip Green will be called by MPs to give evidence over the collapse of BHS and the retailer's pensions deficit, the Work and Pensions Committee has confirmed."
Bad news dog lovers : science is here again, ready to ruin to your day."
BJP MP Ram Prasad Sharma came to the Parliament riding a horse on Wednesday, marking his protest against the odd-even scheme implemented by the AAP-led government in Delhi."
Shell has started discussions with employees in Australia about job reductions, as part of plans to cut 10, 300 jobs worldwide to lower costs."
Comcast is in talks to buy DreamWorks in an exchange that could value the film studio at more than $3 billion, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal."
St. Martin's Primary School, Hollybush Walk, Hereford."
A powerful storm rolled through the south overnight Tuesday, bringing at least one tornado."
The St Ives MP, Derek Thomas has explained why he voted against allowing unaccompanied child refugees from Europe into Britain."
Qtrly net interest income before provision for credit losses was $166.257 million versus $162.905 million."
Revealed for the first time in all its glory - the main mirror of the James Webb Space Telescope, which will be launched in 2018."
Philippine presidential favourite Rodrigo Duterte joked Wednesday about his penis and vowed to pardon himself for mass murder, as he took his profanity-laced campaign to the nation's business elite."
Robust tanker demand has propelled Euronav's financial results for the first quarter of 2016 to a net profit of USD 113.5 million against USD 80.8 million recorded in the same period last year."
The photo agency Getty Images is filing a complaint to the European Union's antitrust commission, claiming that Google's image search function has encouraged widespread image piracy."
FirstService Corporation today reported very strong results for its first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
A Minnesota Senate committee held a hearing Tuesday on a bill to extend background checks to gun sales online, at gun shows and in personal transfers."
The Carlyle Group LP issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday."
Savers should not see the new Lifetime Isa as a substitute for saving into a workplace pension, the pensions minister has warned."
The family of a Florida teen who went missing at sea while on a fishing trip with a friend is dropping its lawsuit over the contents of the friend's recovered cellphone."
Manitoba's new Progressive Conservative government is set to meet for the first time Wednesday."
Highlights from the news file for Tuesday, April 26 ."
Closing arguments have begun in the Alberta trial of a couple charged with failing to provide the necessaries of life to their toddler son."
Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc. on Wednesday reported first-quarter net income of $182 million."
India is likely to become a net importer of sugar in 2016/17 as back-to-back drought years dry irrigation channels and ravage cane fields, with output in the country's biggest producing state seen dropping over 40 percent."
The president of the European Council has opposed Greece's demand for an emergency leaders' summit on the country's troubled bailout programme."
A small plane with three people aboard crashed into a house in Pompano Beach on Monday afternoon."
General Dynamics Corp, which makes Gulfstream jets, tanks and U.S. Navy ships, reported higher-than-expected revenue and net income after a strong first quarter for its marine systems division."
Boeing Co on Wednesday reported a 9 percent drop in first-quarter profit, citing an after-tax charge from the KC-46 aerial refueling tanker it is developing for the U.S. Air Force."
As Yahoo continues to weigh up acquisition offers, the company has announced that it's reached a deal with activist investor Starboard, which had written one of its famous letters to the troubled Internet company calling for the whole board to be replaced."
Michael Strahan will be leaving Live with Kelly and Michael much earlier then previously announced."
Real estate company DLF Ltd on Wednesday officially launched Mall of India in Noida, touting it as the first destination mall in the country."
Stock Yards Bancorp Inc issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday."
Around 1.25 million people living in the UK were classed as destitute last year."
Total polished diamond sales fell to US$79 billion from US$81 billion in 2014, De Beers, the biggest producer."
Sonus Networks, Inc., a global leader in secure and intelligent Cloud communications, today announced results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
ACCO Brands Corporation, one of the world's largest designers, marketers and manufacturers of branded business, academic and consumer products, today reported its first quarter results for the period ended March 31, 2016."
Lear Corporation, a leading global supplier of automotive seating and electrical systems, today reported record financial results for the first quarter of 2016."
Tile's Bluetooth-connected trackers are made to keep you from misplacing all kinds of stuff -- keys, bags, phones, laptops, whatever."
Pending home sales increased slightly in March for the second consecutive month and reached their highest level in almost a year, according to the National Association of Realtors."
With sales down in some industrial markets, including oil and gas, Rockwell Automation Inc. on Wednesday reported an 18 % drop in profit in its recent fiscal quarter."
Mondelez International Inc will release its Q116 earnings data on Wednesday, April 27th."
MicroVision, Inc., a leader in innovative ultra-miniature projection display and imaging technology, today announced its financial and operating results for the first quarter of 2016 marked by significant year-over-year and sequential revenue growth."
Improving margins in consumer health and growing demand for new drugs helped lift GlaxoSmithKline's underlying earnings a better-than-expected 14 percent in the first quarter, keeping it on course to achieve a promised return to growth in 2016."
Dennis Hastert once lived two heartbeats away from the Oval Office."
Rollins, Inc. reported strong unaudited financial results for its first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
State Street Corp. on Wednesday reported first-quarter earnings of $368 million."
With less than a week to go before the state is scheduled to announce the names of the its first medical marijuana dispensary owners, lawmakers are considering a bill to clarify gaps in the dispensary law passed last year."
President Barack Obama will be traveling to Michigan on Wednesday, May 4 -- prompted by an email from a young girl living in Flint, according to a White House official."
Norwegian telecoms firm Telenor reported first-quarter earnings that beat forecasts on Wednesday and repeated its guidance for 2016."
Finally, fans can make it their beeswax to see what happens to their favorite campers and counselors ten years after the original film in a new Netflix original series titled Wet Hot American Summer : Ten Years Later."
DHI Group Inc announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday."
The Marion County School District passed a resolution 4-1 Tuesday that will force students to use the restroom of the gender on their birth certificate."
Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc, the owner of the Waldorf Astoria hotel chain, reported a quarterly profit that was more than double that of a year earlier, helped by tax benefits and higher room rates."
BGC Partners, Inc. (\"BGC Partners, \" \"BGC, \" or \"the Company\"), a leading global brokerage company servicing the financial and real estate markets, today reported financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2016."
Natural Health Trends Corp. on Wednesday reported first-quarter net income of $11.3 million."
Lexmark International Inc. is expected to report first-quarter 2016 results on Apr 26."
Play video Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has said the government is fully committed to all schools becoming academies by 2022."
The survey of 117 firms showed that orders placed on suppliers also fell over the year, while sales for the time of year were considered to be average."
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz's attempt at emulating a scene in a famous sports movie fell a bit short in Indiana on Tuesday."
The Food and Drug Administration is advising caution when prescribing oral fluconazole (Diflucan ; Pfizer) in pregnancy after evaluating data from a Danish study that indicated a possible increased risk of miscarriage when used to treat yeast infections."
General Motors is expected to announce two factory investments on Wednesday that could add more than 800 jobs at plants in Tennessee and Michigan."
Several human rights groups have issued an open letter to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, asking him to cancel the $15-billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia."
Avery Dennison Corporation today announced preliminary, unaudited results for its first quarter ended April 2, 2016."
U.S. Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz said he will be making a \"major announcement\" on Wednesday afternoon."
Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are courting Indiana voters by appealing to the state's love of basketball."
In a follow-up to the measles investigation in Shelby County, Tennessee, health officials report four additional cases in the Memphis area that meets the case definition for measles, bringing the total to six."
President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday criticised Russia's large number of space failures after the first rocket launch from the country's new Vostochny cosmodrome was delayed minutes before blast-off."
Sports Authority reportedly will sell off all its assets instead of reorganizing under bankruptcy protection."
Wednesday, snapping a seven-day streak of increases, as traders."
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback announced on Tuesday that Kansas is withdrawing from the federal government's refugee resettlement program over concerns that Syrian refugees could be security threats."
Scientists in the US have raised the possibility of reading a person's mind after mapping where the brain responds to individual words."
The leader of the Church of Scientology, David Miscavige, is looking to stop the publication of a new tell-all memoir written by his father Ron Miscavige."
A lake in Antarctica which has only just been discovered could hold new forms of life which had been preserved since prehistoric times."
The chief of Germany's BND foreign intelligence service, Gerhard Schindler, will be leaving his job early."
A high-level delegation of Afghan Taliban from its political office in Qatar has arrived in Pakistan to discuss the possibility of restarting the faltering peace talks with Afghanistan."
Hastings Pier has reopened to the public following renovation work costing 14.2 million after the structure was gutted by a fire."
She made history by being one of the first women to complete the Army's rigorous Ranger School, now Capt. Kristen Griest who hails from Orange, is set to become the Army's first female infantry officer."
NuStar Energy L.P. was up 5.6 % during mid-day trading on Wednesday after the company announced better than expected quarterly earnings, AnalystRatingsNetwork.com reports."
The hourly wage two working parents in Metro Vancouver need to earn to support themselves and two young children has dropped for the first time in eight years due to changes in federal policy."
Baker Hughes reported a wider-than-expected earnings loss for the first quarter ahead of Wednesday's market open."
Donald Trump is to give a speech in Washington where he is expected to outline his foreign policy."
Defeated in the Northeast, Bernie Sanders' movement for a political revolution is reaching a crossroads even as he vows to campaign against Hillary Clinton through the June primaries and into the Philadelphia convention."
On Donald Trump won all five presidential primaries and perhaps also the support of Caitlyn Jenner."
A bronze statue of Nelson Mandela has been unveiled in the West Bank city of Ramallah."
A single injection of a powerful HIV-fighting antibody protected monkeys from an HIV-like infection for up to six months scientists report."
Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz has tapped former technology executive Carly Fiorina as his running mate in the race for the White House."
Empire Bancorp, Inc., today announced its financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2016."
Cheers from supporters greeted Prime Minister Justin Trudeau as he arrived for a meeting with First Nations leaders in Saskatchewan."
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - A grand jury will decide whether a former police officer should face charges in the fatal shooting of a legally armed black musician who was waiting on the side of the road for a tow truck."
Governor Terry McAuliffe announced Wednesday the importance of Virginia citizens learning about and taking the necessary precautions against the Zika virus."
If Tinder wasn't awkward enough, now you can meet potential suitors in groups and bring along your friends."
Isuzu has inaugurated a new manufacturing facility in SriCity, Andhra Pradesh."
The latest data from research firm IDC reveals that Apple's smartphone market share dropped to 15.3 percent in the March quarter as the worldwide smartphone market fell nearly flat during the first three months of 2016."
The honor was bestowed by Congress in legislation passed Tuesday by the House."
Comcast reported stronger-than-expected earnings for the first quarter on Wednesday, and a big gain in pay-TV subscribers."
DONALD Trump has been forced to address a \"sexist\" remark made at the end of his victory speech on Tuesday night, in which he accused Hillary Clinton of playing the \"woman's card\" to win votes."
Kansas City-based H&R Block on Tuesday reported a disappointing tax season and 250 layoffs."
PayPal reported first quarter earnings and revenue Wednesday after the bell."
The Transportation Security Administration has backtracked on an unusual program that would have seen passengers departing from small airports undergo security screening only after their flights landed at major hubs."
A reduction in the amount of oxygen dissolved in the oceans due to climate change is already discernible in some parts of the world and should be evident across large regions of the oceans between 2030 and 2040, according to a new study led by the National Center for Atmospheric Research."
The African Union's special envoy for the disputed Western Sahara warned Tuesday that Morocco's expulsion of most of the U.N. peacekeeping mission's civilian staff sets \"a very dangerous precedent\" for the U.N.'s far-flung missions and poses dangers to north Africa and the Sahel where extremist groups are operating."
Last year, Chipotle's food-safety crisis led the burrito eatery's business to plummet, with same-store sales plunging as low as 37 % in December 2015."
Health insurers pay higher prices for hundreds of health care services in Minnesota than in most parts of the country, according to a new report that challenges long-held notions about the efficiency of the state's medical care."
The U.S. House of Representatives voted unanimously on Wednesday to require law enforcement authorities to get a search warrant before asking technology companies to hand over old emails."
The Austrian parliament adopted a new asylum law on Wednesday that will allow the government to declare a \"state of emergency\" over the migrant crisis and reject almost all asylum-seekers at the border."
Facebook, PayPal and First Solar headlined a busy evening of after-hours earnings reports."
Many people who suffer a traumatic brain injury struggle with sleep problems they may not be aware of, Swiss researchers report."
NEW YORK : A strike by nearly 40, 000 Verizon Communications Inc workers is in its third week with unions and the company still far apart on contract talks, even as employee healthcare benefits are set to expire on Saturday."
A city in Alabama has unanimously passed an ordinance that makes it illegal for trans people to use a public restroom that doesn't match their birth gender."
Texas Instruments Inc. announced, for its second-quarter, the company expects revenue in the range of $3.07 billion to $3.33 billion, and earnings per share between 67 and 77 cents."
Supreme Court Justice David T. Prosser will retire on July 31."
Bernie Sanders's campaign will lay off \"hundreds\" of campaign staffers immediately, he told the New York Times on Wednesday, one day after the Democratic presidential hopeful lost four out of five primary state battles to Hillary Clinton and his chances of winning the nomination slipped further away."
Mindfulness therapy may help reduce the risk of repeated bouts of depression, researchers report."
Sussex Bancorp's share price gapped up prior to trading on Wednesday following a better than expected earnings announcement, ARN reports."
HealthSouth Corp posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday."
Lantronix, Inc. (the \"Company\") a specialized networking company providing smart IoT and M2M solutions, today reported results for its third fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2016."
Amkor Technology, Inc., a leading provider of semiconductor packaging and test services, today announced financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
The B.C. government introduced legislation Wednesday that will require colleges and universities to establish sexual misconduct policies to deal with assaults, harassment and other sexual acts on campus."
Facebook reported a better-than-expected 51.9 per cent rise in quarterly revenue as its increasingly popular mobile app and push into live video continued to attract new advertisers and encouraged existing ones to boost spending."
Sadly, it's just a prototype made to demonstrate Samsung's IoT platform."
Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday."
Pilgrim's Pride Corp. stock is advancing by 6.9 % to $25.10 after the company reported strong earnings for the 2016 first quarter."
Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.09 EPS."
Tennessee governor Bill Haslam signed into law a bill that can allow therapists to deny services to clients."
Jessica Alba's Honest Co. is being sued amid shocking claims its organic infant formula includes 11 \"synthetic ingredients not allowed in organic food by federal law.\"."
Abu Sayyaf, an Islamist terrorist group that allegedly beheaded a Canadian hostage this week, had designs on kidnapping Manny Pacquiao, Philippines president Benigno Aquino III said Wednesday."
First Community Bancshares Inc released its earnings results on Tuesday."
The Xilinx Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.33 per outstanding share of common stock, an increase from the current dividend of $0.31 per share."
Coeur Mining Inc issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday."
Freedom House, a freedom of the press watchdog, downgraded Israel's status from \"free\" to \"partly free which is seen as pro-government."
When Tony Clement accused the Liberal government last week of failing to deliver promised \"openness and transparency\" because it declined to submit foreign arms sales to oversight by a parliamentary committee, he all but invited ridicule."
Forecasted to Earn Q1 2016 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share."
When the National Museum of Natural History in New Delhi burned down this week, along with many of its priceless specimens, curators called its destruction an unprecedented disaster."
International investment into UK commercial property has stalled as widespread market uncertainty ahead of the Brexit vote takes hold, new research has warned, with more than a third of those surveyed blaming the referendum."
Approvals for much-needed new homes in London plummeted 64 % over the year in the first quarter of 2016 ahead of the mayoral election on 5 May."
E-cigarettes are safer than smoking and should be \"widely\" promoted to help millions of Brits quit."
ResMed's third quarter results have come in mixed as the medical equipment maker spends more on research and new products."
Kraton Performance Polymers Inc issued its earnings results on Wednesday."
Expected to Post Q3 2016 Earnings of $0.41 Per Share."
The Supreme Court on Wednesday dismissed Mumbai Cricket Association's plea to shift Indian Premier League matches out of drought-hit Maharashtra."
Samsung Electronics says its first-quarter net profit rose 14 percent."
MicroStrategy  Incorporated, a leading worldwide provider of enterprise software platforms, today announced financial results for the three-month period ended March 31, 2016."
The executive director of a Milton daycare where an employee is accused of possessing child pornography says she is \"shocked\" to learn of the charges."
Officials say Prince was found with painkillers in his possession when he died at his home in Paisely Park, according to NBC News."
Ameriprise Financial, Inc. today reported first quarter 2016 net income of $364 million, or $2.09 per diluted share."
Datalink, a leading provider of IT services and solutions, today reported first quarter 2016 financial results."
Blackbaud Inc. boosted its first quarter profits as growing subscriptions pushed revenues to a double-digit increase."
SpaceX plans to send its Dragon spacecraft to Mars as early as 2018, the company announced today -- marking a major first step toward CEO Elon Musk's goal of sending humans to the Red Planet."
Astoria Financial Corp announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday."
Yale University has decided to keep the name of a residential college named for 19th-century alumnus John C. Calhoun, who was an ardent supporter of slavery."
Questar Corporation reported first-quarter 2016 net income of $78.5 million, or $0.45 per diluted share."
NEW DELHI : A dead body is reportedly found in a conference room at Apple's headquarters in Cupertino."
David Cameron has joined forces with the former TUC general secretary Brendan Barber to issue a warning to Britain's workers that breaking away from the European Union would pose a \"triple threat, \" to jobs, wages and prices."
The International Monetary Fund has pointed to a significant rise in Iran's foreign exchange reserve."
A unit of China's HNA Group has agreed a deal to buy Carlson Hotels, the owner of the Radisson hotel chain continuing a spree of overseas deals by Chinese firms."
This proposal is designed to create a capital structure that will, among other things, allow us to remain focused on Mr. Zuckerberg's long-term vision for our company and encourage Mr. Zuckerberg to remain in an active leadership role at Facebook."
Issues Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.03 EPS."
Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS."
This isn't about gender, trans or other, it's about positioning a brand with its core customer and future employees."
Rolling out an \"America first\" foreign policy, Republican front-runner Donald Trump vowed on Wednesday that if he were elected president, U.S. allies in Europe and Asia would have to fend for themselves if they did not pay more for the U.S. defense umbrella."
The Manus Island immigration detention center will shut down, and Australia will have to make alternative arrangements for a reported 900 refugees and asylum seekers held captive there, Papua New Guinea Prime Minister Peter O'Neill announced Wednesday."
Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS - Ticker Report."
Mitsubishi Motors Corp said Japanese orders for its cars have halved since it revealed last week it cheated on fuel economy tests, intensifying concerns over its prospects given an already chequered history of scandals."
United States Lime & Minerals Inc issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday."
Group 1 Automotive Inc. on Wednesday reported first-quarter earnings of $32.9 million."
U.S. Silica Holdings Inc's share price rose 4.2 % on Wednesday following a stronger than expected earnings report, ARN reports."
Doctors Without Borders activists delivered Pfizer executives a crib full of roses and nearly 400, 000 signatures demanding the pharmaceutical giant drop its pneumonia vaccine prices in poor countries."
Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS."
CACI International Inc will issue its Q316 quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 27th."
The ancient skeleton known as Kennewick Man is related to modern Native American tribes, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers said Wednesday, opening the process for returning to tribes for burial one of the oldest and most complete set of bones ever found in North America."
Good afternoon and thank you for joining today's call."
Cimpress N.V., the world leader in mass customization, today announced financial results for the three month period ended March 31, 2016, the third quarter of its 2016 fiscal year."
The House Armed Services Committee approved a measure Wednesday requiring women to register for the military draft, a move that comes just a few months after the Defense Department lifted all gender-based restrictions on front-line combat units."
SanDisk Corp reported a surprise increase in quarterly revenue, its first rise in more than a year, helped by strong demand for its chips used in solid-state drives and data centers."
Announces Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.27 EPS."
Washington Real Estate Investment Trust announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday."
Marriott International Inc will release its Q116 earnings data on Wednesday, April 27th."
Callaway Golf Co issued an update on its second quarter earnings guidance on Wednesday morning."
Premier Christy Clark is drawing heat for receiving an annual stipend of up to $50, 000 from British Columbia's Liberal Party."
Lifelock Inc updated its second quarter earnings guidance on Wednesday."
Families of the 96 victims of the Hillsborough disaster have united at a special commemorative service in Liverpool to reflect on their 27-year quest for justice."
Lundin Mining Corporation (\"Lundin Mining\" or the \"Company\") today reported cash flows of $42.9 million generated from operations in the quarter, not including the Company's attributable cash flows from Tenke Fungurume."
SAN DIEGO, CA : A dog that killed its owners' newborn son at their Mira Mesa home last week was put to death Wednesday at the behest of the grieving family."
Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS."
As of today, you can explore Minecraft in virtual realty via the Gear VR."
Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.08 EPS."
It was confirmed that Salah Abdeslam, one of the suspects in the November Paris attack has been transferred to France from Belgium."
Issues Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.15 EPS."
Varian Medical Systems today is reporting non-GAAP net earnings of $1.09 per diluted share and GAAP net earnings of $1.01 per diluted share for the second quarter of fiscal year 2016."
Aides to Mayor Bill de Blasio have been subpoenaed by state and federal prosecutors amid investigations into his campaign fundraising operation."
Anthem, Inc. is one of the premier healthcare service providers when it comes to providing medical and specialty products."
Royal Gold, Inc USA) announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday."
Federal regulators proposed a rule Wednesday that will adjust hundreds of thousands of physicians' Medicare payments to reward or penalize them based on how healthy they keep their patients."
Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra has confirmed that she will be attending the White House Correspondents' dinner this weekend."
New Delhi : IT services firm HCL Technologies on Thursday reported a 14.4 percent increase in net profit at Rs 1, 926 crore for the quarter ended March."
The Obama administration has requested Congress to approve almost two billion dollars in its upcoming budget for continued assistance to Afghanistan and Pakistan jointly."
The Springs Planned Parenthood clinic will fully reopen five months after a horrific shooting."
The Bank of Japan (BoJ) held off on expanding monetary stimulus on Thursday, defying market expectations for action even as soft global demand, an unwelcome yen rise and weak consumption threatened to derail a fragile economic recovery."
\"Welcome to adulthood\" quite like getting your first student loan bill in the mail."
New Delhi : IT services firm HCL Technologies Ltd on Thursday reported a 14.4 % increase in net profit at Rs.1, 926 crore for the quarter ended March."
Kimco Realty Corp updated its FY16 earnings guidance on Wednesday."
Officials say an American Airlines flight headed to Dallas returned to the Seattle Tacoma International Airport after striking a bird during takeoff."
A common all-India medical entrance test will be held this year for admissions to MBBS and BDS courses."
Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.07 EPS."
Apprenticeships -- rarely out of the headlines this year, and not last because of the new Apprenticeship Levy."
Chinese e-commerce major Alibaba, preparing for a direct India entry, had recently declared it was bigger than American chain Walmart in terms of revenues."
Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS."
Statement from the University of California Office of the President ."
Bhumata Brigade chief Trupti Desai, who led a successful campaign for women's entry into temples like, Shani Shignapur and Trimbakeshwar now plans to enter Mumbai's famous Haji Ali dargah on Thursday."
Rovio today is launching a new free-to-play Angry Birds game - called Angry Birds Action !"
Deutsche Bank saw net profit fall 58 percent to 236 million euros in the first quarter from the same period a year ago as turbulent financial markets deterred client activity."
Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS - Ticker Report."
A book which forms part of the Delhi University's History curriculum calls Bhagat Singh a \"revolutionary terrorist\", prompting the freedom fighter's family to raise the issue with DU authorities as well as the HRD Ministry."
After warning for days about violent storms that could rake the central U.S. with huge hail, high winds and strong tornadoes, forecasters will review whether the messages they sent were appropriate for severe weather that some considered a \"bust\" because the tornadoes that did develop were small."
Apple begins rolling out Carekit, its mobile software framework for health apps, today."
Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Aizaz Chaudhry said that there was no breakthrough in talks with his Indian counterpart S Jaishankar on his recent trip to New Delhi."
Parliament witnessed a stormy session on Thursday over the AgustaWestland VVIP chopper deal case."
Japanese shares sold off and the yen surged against the dollar Thursday after the Bank of Japan's decision to keep monetary policy steady disappointed a section of the market betting on further stimulus."
BEIRUT -- A Syrian monitoring group and rescue workers in opposition-held areas in Syria say a series of airstrikes has hit a hospital and nearby buildings, killing at least 20 people in the northern city of Aleppo."
BOSTON - A new report says more than 60 Massachusetts workers died on the job in 2015 - a number that soars when deaths by occupational injuries and illnesses are included."
Computershare and SETL have announced a joint initiative to establish securities ownership registers using blockchain technology."
Lloyds Banking Group cheered a \"robust\" performance in the first three months of the year as it posted a 6 % dip in underlying profits to # 2.1 billion."
French pharmaceuticals group Sanofi said on Thursday it had made an all-cash offer to buy U.S. biotech firm Medivation in a deal worth about $9.3 billion."
India's largest online marketplaces Flipkart, Amazon India and Snapdeal have temporarily suspended their sales so as to comply with new e-commerce regulations that ban marketplaces from influencing product prices."
This is in response to the New Democrats' Leap Manifesto."
Several states are facing water crisis, with Maharashtra being the worst hit."
British annual house price growth cooled in April after the government introduced extra taxes on purchases of properties for rental and second homes, according to a survey from mortgage lender Nationwide on Thursday."
Vattenfall's first quarter earnings improved as a result of increased production and lower costs."
Beat this for a piece of spin."
Ensco Plc will be posting its Q116 quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 27th."
Passenger planes flying into Heathrow were struck by lightning during a thunderstorm."
For many of us, the most pressing question about exercise is : How little can I get away with ?"
British ex-pats have lost their High Court battle over the right to vote in June's EU referendum."
TULSA, Oklahoma - A jury in Oklahoma found a sheriff's deputy guilty of second-degree manslaughter Wednesday in the fatal shooting of an unarmed suspect."
For decades, a modest farmhouse in central Virginia was thought to be what remained of President James Monroe's home in Charlottesville, Virginia."
A stunning panoramic photo captured by NASA's Curiosity rover on Mars gives us more perspective on the planet."
China's parliament passed a controversial law governing foreign non-government organisations, state news agency Xinhua reported on Thursday."
BEIJING -- A summer storm is brewing in the South China Sea."
The family that founded and owns Lego, the maker of the popular multi-colored toy building bricks, is reshuffling its top leadership to create a \"smooth handover of active ownership to the next generation.\"."
Asian stocks surrendered early gains in chaotic trade on Thursday and the yen surged against the dollar after the Bank of Japan defied market expectations for more monetary stimulus even as prices slipped deeper into deflationary territory."
The Business Secretary is to be questioned by MPs today over the crisis in the steel industry and the current efforts to save thousands of jobs."
India's bungled handling of Dolkun Isa's visa will have long-term ramifications for Delhi's China policy."
Accompanied by the Madhya Pradesh Police Bajrang Dal members on Wednesday entered a church in Satna and stopped a wedding ceremony alleging that the bride and the groom had been unlawfully converted to Christianity some years ago."
Bombardier has moved up the release of its first quarter results."
Strong trading in the US boosted WPP's revenues by 5.1 pc in the first quarter to # 3.1 bn."
As Charter prepares to take over Time Warner Cable and create a huge new company covering 24 million customers, regulators want the combined firm to make some commitments of its own to ensure the merger doesn't create problems for competition."
Airbus Group on Thursday posted slightly higher-than-expected core profit and reaffirmed targets for the year, while warning of serious challenges for its A400M military plane and reporting a heavy drain on cash due to delayed jet deliveries."
CaixaBank SA on Thursday reported a 27 % decline in first-quarter net profit to EUR273 million ($308.7 million) compared with the same period a year earlier, on weaker lending income and fees as Spanish banks battle negative interest rates and other headwinds to profitability."
Shares of NuStar GP Holdings, LLC were up 4.6 % during mid-day trading on Wednesday after the company announced better than expected quarterly earnings, Marketbeat.com reports."
Aetna Inc. on Thursday reported first-quarter net income of $726.6 million."
Mack Cali Realty Corp announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday."
Amid the gloomy forecast of climate change, climatologist Richard Somerville sees a glimmer of light."
How would Donald Trump fare in a general election against Hillary Clinton ? Top advisers to Donald Trump assured Republican Party leaders on Thursday that the New York billionaire would adopt a more presidential demeanor soon, to temper the image projected during his campaign so far."
On 26 April 2016, ESO's Paranal Observatory in Chile hosted an event to mark the first light for the four powerful lasers that form a crucial part of the adaptive optics systems on ESO's Very Large Telescope."
Former Haryana Chief Minister Bhajan Lal's son Kuldeep Bishnoi's Haryana Janhit Congress formally merged with the Congress on Thursday with an aim to \"uproot\" BJP from the state."
Rent-A-Center Inc will issue its Q116 quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 27th."
India got its own navigation satellite system after the seventh and last in the series of the constellation of Regional Navigation Satellite System, IRNSS-1G on board PSLV-C33, was launched from the spaceport of Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh on Thursday."
Apple's stock was falling Wednesday, after the company reported its first quarterly drop in earnings in 13 years on Tuesday."
Members of the transport select committee have branded the government \"phenomenally complacent\" over the response to the Volkswagen emissions scandal."
Summit State Bank today reported net income for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 of $1, 328, 000 and diluted earnings per share of $0.27."
United Overseas Bank Ltd reported its fiscal first-quarter earnings this morning."
Following recent reports that suggested that Valve Corporation's Steam video game delivery platform will start accepting bitcoin payments, leading bitcoin payment processor BitPay has officially announced new payment integration with software and gaming giant Valve which will bring bitcoin payments to Steam gamers worldwide."
Cabot Microelectronics Corporation, the world's leading supplier of chemical mechanical planarization polishing slurries and a growing CMP pad supplier to the semiconductor industry, today reported financial results for its second quarter of fiscal 2016, which ended March 31, 2016."
Canadian telecom and media company BCE Inc reported a slightly better-than-expected quarterly profit as it added more wireless customers and earned more for each one."
State and Hawaii County officials announced Wednesday a major milestone in Hawaii Island's dengue fever outbreak."
Nearly three years ago, the European Union finally overcame its longstanding resistance and addressed the issue of adding Hezbollah to its terrorism list."
Will Ferrell to play dementia-stricken Ronald Reagan who ` thinks he is an actor playing the President in a movie'."
Viacom reported a profit in the March quarter as revenues fell."
AbbVie Inc is set to announce its Q116 earnings results on Thursday, April 28th."
Meredith Corporation (www.meredith.com) - the leading media and marketing company with local television brands in large, fast-growing markets and national brands serving 100 million American women - today reported strong fiscal 2016 third quarter results ."
United Parcel Service Inc. on Thursday reported better-than-expected earnings in the latest quarter as growth in domestic and international package delivery drove profit."
Independence Contract Drilling Inc will issue its Q116 quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 28th."
CRH Medical Corporation, a North American medical company that provides physicians with essential services and innovative products for the treatment of gastrointestinal diseases, today announced that it plans to release its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016, at 7:00 am ET on Thursday, April 28, 2016."
A Michigan middle school teacher claims she was fired after using the word \"vagina\" during an art class about Georgia O'Keeffe."
Announcing its preliminary financial results for the second quarter ended April 2, 2016, Delta Apparel has said that overall gross margins continued to expand during the quarter due to positive growth in the company's higher margin businesses."
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. - A library board in Newfoundland and Labrador says it hopes many job losses can be achieved through attrition when the province closes more than half of its libraries."
Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and Domino's Pizza, Inc.."
The Priceline Group CEO Darren Huston resigned from the company Thursday after an in-house investigation into a relationship he had with a fellow employee."
Thermo Fisher Scientific said Thursday that first-quarter sales grew 10 percent to $4.3 billion, beating analyst estimates of $4.1 billion, while profit grew to $402 million from $385 million in the corresponding year-ago period."
The Triby, shown here on a refrigerator door, packs Amazon's Alexa into a device that looks nothing like an Echo."
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday blasted a French initiative aimed at relaunching peace negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians as \"distancing\" the prospect of direct talks."
Prince was found with prescription painkillers in his possession when he died."
Deluxe Corporation, a leader in providing small businesses and financial institutions with products and services to drive customer revenue, announced its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
Vice President Joe Biden arrived unannounced in Iraq on Thursday for the first time in five years to assess the ongoing U.S.-led military coalition's campaign against the Islamic State, amid political turmoil here threatening Prime Minister Haider Abadi's hold on power."
File photo of prime minister Narendra Modi speaking at the Hannover Messe last year."
Shire PLC faced a large shareholder rebellion over a 25 % pay rise for Chief Executive Flemming Ornskov at its annual meeting Thursday."
On RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had asked builders to cut home prices so that housing demand can be stimulated to which the realtors has said that there is no scope for any further price cuts."
The Northampton Police Department will collect expired and unwanted medication on Saturday as part of the US Drug Enforcement Administration's National Prescription Drug Take Back Day."
The number of Americans filing for new unemployment benefits rose last week but remained at a low level consistent with an improving labor market."
In a Scientific forum in Tel Aviv released the ultrasound examination of Israel's Nuclear reactor which revealed 1, 537 defects in the aluminum core of the Dimona."
The descent this week of British department-store chain BHS into receivership and possible closure has sparked a hunt for the killer."
ATLANTA - A September 2015 car crash in Georgia is at the center of a lawsuit because of Snapchat."
Travelzoo Inc. on Thursday reported first-quarter net income of $2 million."
The U.S. economy sputtered in the first quarter, expanding at the slowest pace in two years as business slashed investment by the steepest amount since the Great Recession."
In an effort to increase its competition with family entertainment juggernaut Disney, Comcast announced this morning that it will spend $3.8 billion to acquire DreamWorks Animation, home to popular kids' franchises like \"Shrek, \" \"Madagascar, \" \"How to Train Your Dragon, \" \"Kung Fu Panda, \" and others."
The laser industry has been red-hot lately, and laser maker IPG Photonics has done a good job of capitalizing on interest in the industry and posting solid growth."
If you have an Internet connection, you've probably read at least one article in the past few days claiming that science has shown that dogs hate being hugged."
MasterCard Inc, operator of the world's second-largest payments network, reported a slightly better-than-expected quarterly profit as customers spent more using its cards."
Toronto, Apr 28 As male peacocks shake their long feathers in courtship, the iridescent eyespots remain nearly stationary and captivate females."
Police say they have made 80 arrests as part of a sweeping investigation in Ontario targeting the exploitation of children online."
Mead Johnson Nutrition CO is scheduled to be releasing its Q116 earnings data on Thursday, April 28th."
Abbott Laboratories said it agreed to buy medical device maker St. Jude Medical for $25 billion to add heft to its heart and neurological devices business."
Former House Speaker John Boehner trashed Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz during a talk at Stanford University Wednesday, the school's student newspaper reported."
Baxalta Incorporated, a global biopharmaceutical leader dedicated to delivering transformative therapies to patients with orphan diseases and underserved conditions, today reported strong first quarter 2016 financial results."
The European tourism company TUI Group said on Thursday that it had agreed to sell Hotelbeds Group to the private equity firm Cinven and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board for 1.19 billion euros, or about $1.3 billion."
Iran's Supreme Leader bitterly complains that the West has not kept its promises and that economic sanctions on his countries have not been lifted although Tehran has kept the required commitments to halt its nuclear program."
After a social media firestorm, the University of Washington cheerleading squad took down a poster with \"do's and don'ts\" of how people should look for their upcoming tryouts."
Starting in 2017, your Detroit Red Wings will be playing hockey in Little Caesars Arena."
Uber users accustomed to taking extra comfy strolls down to their curbside pickups may now find themselves paying extra."
Leading ophthalmic lens maker Essilor has appointed cricketer and former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly as brand ambassador for its Varilux range of advanced progressive lenses."
Gentherm Inc issued its earnings results on Thursday."
Schroders (LSE : - news)' assets under management grew to a record level of # 324.9 bn, despite its net incoming business halving to # 2.7 bn in the first quarter as volatile markets weighed on client demand."
Our recent sale of Putney reinforces our confidence in and belief that our portfolio of partner companies is ripe with high-quality opportunities for future M&A and value creation events.\"."
Teleflex Incorporated issued an update on its FY16 earnings guidance on Thursday morning."
The FBI has served warrants related to the investigation into December's mass shooting in San Bernardino."
Global performance improvement solutions provider GP Strategies Corporation today reported financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2016."
Fans have flocked outside Prince's Paisley Park estate since the singer's recent death at the age of 57."
With higher sales in its military truck business, Oshkosh Corp. on Thursday reported a 2.7 % increase in its recent-quarter profit."
Obama, in an interview published Thursday in The New York Times Magazine, also dismissed the \"fantasy\" economic platforms of Republican presidential candidates vying to succeed him at the November general election."
The Modi government is no longer asking Urdu writers in India to refrain from producing content which is critical of the government, but they still need to desist from writing anything which is \"against national interest\" or creates hatred among communities."
Wall Street analysts are predicting that Waste Management, Inc. will report earnings per share of $0.55 in their quarterly report."
If you spotted another wrinkle this morning, don't despair."
Teen birth rates fell to record lows over the past decade, with the largest declines among minority teens."
ConocoPhillips moved to a loss in its first quarter as it dealt with impairment charges and a pension settlement expense."
National Education Association's Jahana Hayes from Waterbury, Conn. has been named the 2016 National Teacher of the Year."
Oracle today announced that it is making an acquisition to (literally and figuratively) build out its Primavera project management and billing business : it is buying Textura, a provider of cloud-based contract and payment management solutions specifically for the construction industry."
Charlie Sheen's lawyer urged a judge to reject a request by the actor's ex-fiance to extend a temporary restraining order, calling the filing a publicity stunt intended to keep an unrelated civil case in the news."
A group of chemical insecticides known as neonicotinoids that have been banned in Europe due to fears about potential harm to bees have been found in new research to have very differential risks for bumblebees."
Google and Fiat Chrysler are in \"late stage talks\" on a technical partnership on Google's self-driving car project, according to a report from Dow Jones."
NantKwest Inc, a cancer drugmaker that went public last year, gave its chief executive officer Patrick Soon-Shiong a $US147.6 million ($195 million) pay package for 2015, the highest reported by any company so far."
Net income more than doubled at Ford Motor Co, which also reported its highest-ever quarterly operating margins on Thursday, thanks to robust pricing of its F-150 pickup trucks in North America and improved profit in Europe."
Lake Shore Bancorp Inc. on Wednesday reported first-quarter net income of $2 million."
India, the world's biggest sugar consumer, is likely to produce 23 million tonnes to 24 million tonnes of the sweetener in the 2016/17 year starting Oct. 1, down from the current year's output of 25.3 million tonnes."
Core Media Group, parent company of American Idol and So You Think You Can Dance producer 19 Entertainment among other prodcos, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in New York."
Altria, the owner of cigarette maker Philip Morris USA, said its first-quarter profit rose about 20 percent as it shipped more cigarettes and other tobacco products."
The Secret Service is planning to add an additional five feet to the White House fence and a bolstered concrete foundation in response to the recent rash of fence jumpers breaching security."
Oil rose to a five-month high in New York after a further drop in U.S. crude production signaled lower prices are taking a toll on the nation's shale boom."
Reports Results for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2016."
A Baltimore news station is being evacuated after a man walked into the station claiming he had a bomb strapped to his chest and threatened to blow up the building."
BALTIMORE - A 13-year-old boy carrying what turned out to be a replica gun has been shot by a Baltimore police officer."
A British grandmother sentenced to death in Indonesia could die within months after Indonesian officials indicated another round of executions would go ahead."
As expected, a U.S. Senate committee on Thursday approved a harbors, ports and navigation bill that includes water infrastructure funding which could help Flint, sending it to the full chamber for an eventual vote."
The Gaming Commission has voted to deny an application for a casino license in Brockton."
Prince's older half-sibling, Alfred Jackson, is mourning the devastating loss of the legendary musician."
The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority today made available to member firms its first monthly cross-market equities supervision report cards, aimed at helping firms identify and halt spoofing and layering activity."
National Oilwell Varco, Inc. today reported a first quarter 2016 net loss of $21 million, or $0.06 per share, excluding other items."
The institutes in Kota shine again in the recently declared JEE Main 2016."
Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS - American Banking News."
Even though no clinics in Texas collect fetal tissue during an abortion to donate to research groups and medical schools, it hasn't stopped state lawmakers from examining the state laws and procedures concerning the issue."
Old Dominion Freight Line posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday."
The B.C. Federation of Labour is joining its counterparts and unions across Canada to honour workers who have been killed, injured or made ill on the job."
In pursuance with the agenda of total prohibition in the country, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar is all set to cross the boundaries of the state."
Heavy rain led to flash flooding across southern Mississippi Thursday morning, with Biloxi and Gulfport hardest hit."
SpaceX has won a $82.7-million contract to launch a government GPS satellite for the U.S. Air Force, marking the end to the monopoly in the national security launch market."
Unlike its closest rival, CVS Health, Express Scripts does not have a retail healthcare delivery infrastructure."
The U.S. House of Representatives voted on Thursday to repeal a Labor Department rule aimed at protecting retirement savers from profit-hungry brokers, a largely symbolic move that President Barack Obama has threatened to veto."
States would be prohibited from terminating Medicaid coverage for incarcerated juveniles under legislation introduced today in the House and Senate."
The primary results in five Northeastern states have left Bernie Sanders with practically no path to winning the Democratic presidential nomination."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's promise of acche din is premised on moving away from the erstwhile dole and entitlement model, to one that empowers youth by generating large scale employment."
Oscar-winning actress Alicia Vikander has been cast as the new Lara Croft in the forthcoming Tomb Raider reboot."
Total revenue increased by 43 % to $405 million from the first quarter of 2015."
A large earthquake has hit near Vanuatu, with tsunami waves up to 3 metres high possible for parts of its coast."
Juniper Networks, an industry leader in automated, scalable and secure networks, today reported preliminary financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and provided its outlook for the three months ending June 30, 2016."
The GEO Group Inc will release its Q116 earnings data on Thursday, April 28th."
The Supreme Court approved hotly-contested amendments to federal criminal procedure today that, if accepted by Congress, will expand the FBI's ability to hack into computer networks."
Announces Results for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2016."
Local news in Jamaica is reporting 2 American cruise ship passengers are missing."
Intelsat debt and shares advanced today after the satellite giant reported better-than-expected first-quarter results and reaffirmed its 2016 sales and earnings outlook based on the ongoing demand for broadband data, a heavy backlog of contracts, the successful launch of a new satellite last month, and preparation for the launch of more of its next generation fleet."
Amgen Inc., boosted by higher drug sales and the effects of a cost-cutting campaign, reported first-quarter revenue and profit that topped analysts' estimates."
RTI Surgical Inc posted its earnings results on Thursday."
Baidu Inc, sometimes referred to as China's Google, reported a 24.3 percent increase in quarterly revenue as more advertising money flowed into its core search engine business."
CubeSmart today announced its operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2016."
KeyCorp and First Niagara Financial Group Inc will sell 18 First Niagara branches in and around Buffalo, New York, to resolve antitrust concerns tied to KeyCorp's planned acquisition of First Niagara, the U.S. Justice Department said on Thursday."
Research in a German laboratory involving five lizards called Australian bearded dragons indicates that these reptiles may dream and could prompt a fundamental reassessment of the evolution of sleep."
Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.05 EPS."
COMM CommScope reported Q1 EPS of $0.48, $0.12 better than the analyst estimate of $0.36."
CME Group Inc, the world's largest futures market operator, reported an 11.3 percent rise in quarterly profit as a rout in the energy markets boosted trading volume."
Cortana is Microsoft's version of Google Now and Apple's Siri digital assistant."
New York Times CEO Mark Thompson, who is the former executive director-general of the BBC, is on the receiving end of a multimillion-dollar class action lawsuit that alleges that, under his watch, the company has begun to employ practices of \"deplorable discrimination, \" which are sexist, racist, and ageist."
The GOP presidential contenders are facing an early test at the Republican Party convention in California, a state whose June primary could hold the decisive delegates in the fight for the presidential nomination."
Even if Puerto Rico manages to strike a last-minute deal to defer bond payments due in three days, the commonwealth's financial collapse is about to enter an unprecedented phase."
Notable earnings after Thursday's close for Agnico Eagle Mines Limited Inc.."
Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.19 EPS."
Cypress Semiconductor Corp. said Thursday its chief executive, T.J. Rodgers, would step down as it also said it would pay $550 million to buy Broadcom Ltd.'s wireless Internet of Things business."
Demandware , Inc., the industry-leading provider of enterprise cloud commerce solutions, today announced financial results for its first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
Newly released emails show Los Angeles County Sheriff Jim McDonnell's chief of staff forwarded emails containing jokes mocking minorities, Muslims and women when he worked for Burbank police."
Sovran Self Storage Inc shares fell 2.4 % on Wednesday after the company announced weaker than expected quarterly earnings, AnalystRatings.NET reports."
First Potomac Realty Trust released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday."
Investment analysts at BB&T Corp. issued their FY2017 earnings per share estimates for American National BankShares in a report released on Sunday, Zacks Investment Research reports."
Announces Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.10 EPS."
Insect outbreaks and wildfires have grown in severity in recent years, leading some scientists -- and wildfire policy makers -- to draw a correlation between the two."
Park Sterling Corp. on Thursday reported first-quarter earnings of $2.7 million."
Brightcove Inc., a leading global provider of cloud services for video, today announced financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2016."
Neustar, Inc., a trusted, neutral provider of real-time information services, today announced results for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, and updated its guidance for full-year 2016."
Lawson Products Inc. on Thursday reported first-quarter net income of $1 million, after reporting a loss in the same period a year earlier."
Lancaster Colony Corporation today reported results for the company's third fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2016."
So much for John Kasich's promise to give rival Texas Sen. Ted Cruz \"a clear path in Indiana.\"."
LONDON consumer confidence fell in April to its lowest level in more than a year, as Britons grew gloomier about their prospects amid a debate over the country's future in the European Union."
Piper Jaffray dropped 13.2 % on Thursday following a weaker than expected earnings announcement, Analyst Ratings.Net reports."
Skyworks Solutions Inc. on Thursday reported fiscal second-quarter profit of $208.1 million."
Snapchat have started out as the ephemeral messaging and photo-sharing app, but a majority of users now consume video there too, according to a report from Bloomberg today."
TriMas Corp is scheduled to be announcing its Q116 earnings results on Thursday, April 28th."
Caterpillar, Inc. officials announced Thursday the closure of five non-Illinois facilities and the planned demolition of the mostly vacant Building BB on its Mossville campus."
Cuffe Parade residents on Thursday staged a candle-light protest against the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's new open spaces policy and the possible takeover of the CPRA Greens garden maintained by them."
Amid growing population of SC/STs in the country, government today said it is mulling over providing reservation benefits to backward classes in proportion to their population."
Thursday's verdict -- Duffy was cleared of all 31 fraud, breach of trust and bribery charges he faced -- marked the end of a protracted three-year saga and ensured Duffy would be able to return to the upper chamber with all rights and privileges.Duffy has pleaded not guilty to all charges."
India's gems and jewellery exports witnessed a 5.30 per cent drop in FY16 led by a sharp decline in the exports of cut and polished diamonds amidst a slowdown in global demand."
Global Ship Lease, Inc. (the \"Company\"), a containership charter owner, announced today its unaudited results for the three months ended March 31, 2016."
Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS."
Officials say 11 workers at a nuclear facility who reported headaches were sent for medical evaluations after working near an area where waste from a leaking tank was being transferred."
The Apple Inc employee found dead at the company's California headquarters was Edward Mackowiak, 25."
House Republicans on Wednesday continued their years-long drive to demonstrate that Obama administration officials are biased against a massive proposed mine in Alaska."
Select Comfort Corporation today reported first quarter 2016 results for the period ended April 2, 2016."
The trial of a Dutch man facing dozens of child pornography and online extortion charges related to the suicide of a British Columbia teenager is slated to begin Friday morning in Amsterdam, despite Dutch media reports that his lawyer has quit on the eve of the hearing."
HP today unveiled its all-new Chromebook at an event in New York."
Columbia Sportswear Company issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday."
According to the FBI, Medford Police Officers found several pipe bombs while serving a federal search warrant at the apartment on Poplar Drive."
A general in the Mexican army has been sentenced to 52 years in prison for ordering the torture of a suspect and then having his body burned."
Police and fire personnel are investigating a suspicious substance found at Trump Tower on Thursday evening."
Huron Consulting Group released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday."
West Marine, Inc. today reported financial results for the first quarter ended April 2, 2016."
Flowserve Corp. on Thursday reported first-quarter net income of $37.9 million."
National Instruments Corp. on Thursday reported first-quarter net income of $9.3 million."
The novel glucagon-like peptide-1 analogue semaglutide reduced major adverse cardiovascular event risk in top-line results from the phase IIIa SUSTAIN 6 trial, Novo Nordisk announced."
Regal Entertainment Group, a leading motion picture exhibitor, today announced first quarter 2016 results."
A major wildfire that killed two people and destroyed more than 500 homes in California last year was caused by a spark from a tree that touched a power line owned by PG&E Corp. who said they would seek $90 million from the utility to help cover firefighting costs."
EPR Properties is scheduled to be releasing its Q116 earnings data on Thursday, April 28th."
Chobani, the yogurt maker, is giving its workers a stake in the privately held company."
The company that sells Nurofen has been fined more than $1 million for misleading consumers about its specific pain products."
B2Gold Corp. reports gold production for the first quarter topped its own forecast."
Shares in TiVo were up almost 6 % in after-hours trading Thursday after Rovi announced it had rescheduled its earnings call from Thursday afternoon to to Friday morning."
In the United States' presidential primary system, delegates are of the utmost importance to the major parties."
Tomorrow Kenya will burn some 105 metric tonnes of confiscated ivory to send a \"worldwide message\" that the illegal trade will not be tolerated."
Helen of Troy Ltd. on Thursday reported fiscal fourth-quarter profit of $9.6 million."
Faced with looming cuts and a multi-million dollar shortfall, the Vancouver School Board is voting tonight on the proposed budget for next year."
Cohu reported a 1st Quarter March 2016 loss of $0.01 per share on revenue of $65.8 million."
Japan's space agency has admitted that human error was to blame for the failure of a # 251 million satellite launched in February to study black holes and the origins of the universe."
Axalta Coating Systems Ltd. (\"Axalta\"), a leading global coatings company, announced its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc. on Thursday reported fiscal second-quarter net income of $75.2 million."
Police are trying to contain a large crowd that has gathered in streets following the Donald Trump rally."
The French economy grew 0.5 % in the first quarter of 2016, the INSEE national statistics agency said in a preliminary estimate today."
The Indian economy is likely to maintain its growth at 7.6 per cent in 2016 and accelerate to 7.8 per cent in 2017 led by high urban spending, steady employment and low inflation, according to a United Nations report on Asia-Pacific."
Former Montana Sen. Conrad Burns, a former cattle auctioneer whose folksy demeanor and political acumen earned him three terms and the bitter disdain of his opponents, died Thursday."
Tim Peake is set to control a robot rover while orbiting the Earth from space in a pioneering experiment."
WASHINGTON - A former contractor for the Federal Emergency Management Agency said Thursday he was told to deny or underpay claims exceeding certain ranges in deciding compensation for Superstorm Sandy victims."
Since this story was first published, the video has been removed from YouTube."
Prime Minister David Cameron called the EU referendum to try to heal Conservative Party divisions on Europe, but the bitterness of the campaign has sparked fears for its future - and his."
Royal Bank of Scotland has warned there is a \"significant\" risk that it will miss the deadline to spin off its Williams & Glyn arm by the end of next year."
Issues Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.03 EPS."
Allegion plc (ALLE - Analyst Report) posted dismal first-quarter 2016 results, wherein both earnings and revenues missed the respective Zacks Consensus Estimate."
AtriCure, Inc., a leading innovator in treatments for atrial fibrillation (Afib) and left atrial appendage management, today announced first quarter 2016 financial results."
Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.02 EPS."
Proto Labs Inc's share price was down 19.8 % on Thursday following a weaker than expected earnings announcement, MarketBeat.Com reports."
In 1442, 50 years before Columbus \"sailed the ocean blue, \" Shinto priests in Japan began keeping records of the annual freeze dates of a nearby lake."
ICICI Bank, country's largest private lender, on Friday announced its fourth quarter results and said that its net profit fell 76 per cent to stand at Rs 702 cr as against 3, 018 crore in the last quarter due to huge provisioning on bad loans."
Analysts at Morgans CIMB have substantially increased gold producer Regis Resources' fiscal 2016 earnings per share forecasts and price target, highlighting the group was on track to meet the upper end of production guidance and perhaps coming under management's full-year all in sustaining costs guidance which is in a range between $970 and $1070 per ounce."
Microsoft is exploring the use of DNA molecules for storing massive amounts of data."
Brits hoping to make the most of the bank holiday weekend will have to endure blustery weather -- but might just escape the snow."
Time Warner Cable Inc posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday."
TAL Education Group (\"TAL\" or the \"Company\"), a leading K-12 after-school tutoring services provider in China, today announced its unaudited financial results for the fourth quarter and the fiscal year ended February 29, 2016."
A former San Francisco police lieutenant linked to a racist texting scandal and also charged with obstructing the rape investigation of a subordinate officer was arrested Wednesday."
Amid the ongoing furore over the appointment of Bollywood star Salman Khan as the goodwill ambassador of the Indian contingent for the upcoming Rio Games, the under-fire Indian Olympic Association has approached cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar for the same post."
On the surface, Genesee & Wyoming's first-quarter results looked strong, with both revenue and earnings up double digits."
Anheuser-Busch InBev NV plans to sell SABMiller Plc's beer brands in central and eastern Europe to win European Union regulatory approval for its 74.3 billion-pound ($109 billion) acquisition of the London-based brewer."
Colleagues of an ambulance driver killed when his vehicle collided with another ambulance in north Wales said they have been left \"absolutely devastated\" by the tragedy."
Britain's top share index fell on Friday, putting it on course for a second straight weekly drop as travel and finance stocks were hit by poorly received updates from IAG and RBS."
Donald Trump, fresh off his Northeast sweep, declared himself the \"presumptive nominee.\"."
British Airways-owner International Airlines Group reported a forecast-beating rise in first-quarter profit, but said that it would moderate its capacity expansion in the short term in response to weaker overall demand."
Spain's Telefonica reported on Friday a 6.7 percent drop in first-quarter core profits to 3.376 billion euros ($3.85 billion), broadly in line with forecasts as lower currencies in key overseas markets more than offset slight growth in underlying revenue."
Cowen Group Inc shares dropped 5.2 % during trading on Thursday following a weaker than expected earnings announcement, AnalystRatings.NET reports."
President Obama has proposed granting Israel the largest package of military aid ever provided by the United States to another nation, but he and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu remain deeply at odds over a figure for the assistance despite months of negotiations."
As NASA has set its goal to send humans to Mars in the 2030s, private spaceflight company SpaceX says it's going to send an unmanned spacecraft to the red planet as early as 2018."
About 100 Republican Party officials from across the country were in Cleveland this week to check out where they'll be staying for the Republican National Convention."
Tony Blair obtained a \"blessing\" from Chinese leaders for a company owned by a Saudi prince to do business in China as part of an arrangement that paid the former UK prime minister's firm 41, 000 a month and a 2 % commission on any multimillion-pound contracts he helped to secure."
Federal authorities in Hawaii are searching for a man caught on video attacking an endangered monk seal at a beach."
A former US Speaker of the House has characterised Republican hopeful Ted Cruz as \"Lucifer in the flesh\"."
Gujarat govt announces 10 per cent reservation for the economically backward in general category which includes Patidars."
Insys Therapeutics Inc shares were up 3.4 % on Thursday following a stronger than expected earnings report, Market Beat reports."
The right Social Security claiming strategy can mean extra income in retirement."
AN Australian aid worker in Afghanistan was kidnapped one day before she was meant to fly home to Perth."
All central trade unions, except for the BJP-aligned Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh, have given a call for a nationwide protest on Friday against the finance ministry's decision on the EPF interest rate."
A helicopter carrying at least 14 people crashed Friday near the Norwegian city of Bergen."
The chief of Puma admitted on Friday that arch rival Adidas was on a roll due to the popularity of its retro sneakers, but he believed a deal with singer Rihanna would help the smaller German sportswear firm get back in the game."
As one of the largest credit-rating companies in the world, Moody's is a powerful force in the massive global fixed-income market."
Legg Mason Inc will issue its quarterly earnings data on Friday, April 29th."
Russia's central bank held interest rates steady at 11 percent on Friday, in line with expectations, although it signaled that if inflation kept on falling it would cut soon."
A crowd of youth and community leaders gathered to welcome Justin Trudeau as he arrived on an isolated First Nations reserve by helicopter Thursday morning."
THE High Court in Pretoria on Friday set aside the 2009 decision to drop corruption charges against President Jacob Zuma."
Altra Industrial Motion Corp., a global manufacturer and marketer of electromechanical power transmission and motion control products, today announced unaudited financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
Clearfield Inc shares traded up 10.6 % during mid-day trading on Thursday following a stronger than expected earnings report, MarketBeat Ratings reports."
IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. today reported revenues for the first quarter of 2016 of $418 million, an increase of 9 % compared to the prior year period."
Aaron's, Inc. (AAN - Snapshot Report) is scheduled to release first-quarter 2016 results on Apr 29."
Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.38 EPS."
Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS."
Seagate Technology plc (the \"Company\" or \"Seagate\") today reported financial results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 ended April 1, 2016."
CBOE Holdings, Inc announced its earnings results on Friday."
Indian authorities have asked an Indian-flagged oil tanker not to discharge about 6.5 lakh barrel oil which it is carrying from eastern Libya, controlled by an unrecognised government."
With an ensemble cast, Garry Marshall's \"Mother's Day\" is a composite canvas of multiple stories that include mothers and daughters, children and parents, assembled couples, couple of the same sex, a divorced couple and a widower and his daughters, all intertwined with an excuse of remembering mothers on Mother's Day."
Chemical company BASF's adjusted operating profit fell a less than expected 8 percent in the first quarter as cost cuts and rising orders in March in its industrial chemicals business helped offset a slump in oil and gas."
The Supreme Court on Thursday approved a rule change that would allow US judges to issue search warrants for access to computers located in any jurisdiction, despite opposition from civil liberties groups who say it will greatly expand the FBI's hacking authority."
Jay Z's Tidal boasts Lemonade and Prince exclusives as competition (and sniping) intensify : \"It's like ` Game of Thrones' for streaming.'\"."
Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.50 from continuing operations."
Montreal La Presse says it will end the weekday printing of its daily newspaper in the new year, nearly three years after introducing its free digital tablet edition."
The death of a teenager who drowned in a London canal was a drug-related accident, an inquest jury has ruled."
PNM Resources today released the company's 2016 first quarter earnings results."
One of the most successful aspects of Netflix's Daredevil Season 2 was the introduction of more vigilantes and general badasses."
The Bombay High Court on Friday has ordered to demolish the controversial Adarsh building."
Cameco Corp. on Friday reported first-quarter net income of $56.9 million, after reporting a loss in the same period a year earlier."
Two planes with problems made safe landings at Philadelphia International Airport Friday morning."
Moneygram International Inc issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday."
Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. today reported first quarter results and increased its outlook for the full year."
Virgin America today reports its financial results for the first quarter 2016."
Taking serious note of the raging forest fires in different parts of the state, Uttarakhand Governor K K Paul on Thursday decided to double the number of personnel engaged to douse the flames from 3000 to 6000."
Taking a cue from the fifth phase of the West Bengal Assembly Elections 2016, the Kolkata and state police are gearing up to ensure fair voting during the sixth phase to be held on tomorrow (Saturday)."
New cancer drugs, taken in pill form, have become dramatically more expensive in their first year on the market compared with drugs launched 15 years ago, calling into question the sustainability of a system that sets high prices at market entry in addition to rapidly increasing those prices over time."
The Enforcement Directorate on Friday summoned former IAF chief SP Tyagi as part of its ongoing probe in the VVIP AgustaWestland chopper scam."
Ingram Micro Inc. today announced financial results for the first quarter ended Apr. 2, 2016."
An explosion at a natural gas well in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, on Friday morning injured at least one person, the website of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette reported."
New Delhi : A special court on Friday slapped criminal conspiracy and cheating charges on industrialist Naveen Jindal in the Amarkonda Murgadangal coal block allocation case."
Morning Co. is scheduled to announce its earnings results before the market opens on Friday, April 29th."
Sentiment on the Sri Lankan rupee improved on Friday, as reflected in the forwards market, after the International Monetary Fund reached a staff-level agreement with the island nation for a $1.5 billion three-year loan."
Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.08 EPS."
Portland General Electric Company released its quarterly earnings data on Friday."
The University of Michigan says American consumers were a bit more downbeat in April."
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence will endorse Ted Cruz on Friday ahead of the Hoosier State's critical primary, a source familiar with the announcement told NBC News."
Household borrowing on credit cards and loans rose at the fastest pace in 11 years in March, raising fears of a consumer credit bubble."
Starbucks announces it opened a store in Ferguson, Missouri as it begins to follow through on a commitment to open at least 15 stores in low - to medium-income communities by 2018."
The U.S. military has disciplined about 16 U.S. personnel, including a two-star general, for mistakes that led to the bombing of a civilian hospital in Afghanistan last year that killed 42 people."
The Department of Education has launched a new website to help people with student loans find a repayment option that best suits their needs."
Belgium is to supply iodine pills to all its 11 million inhabitants to help protect against radioactivity in the event of a nuclear accident."
President Barack Obama is announcing new steps to reduce gun violence, mainly by helping manufacturers understand what law enforcement agencies need from so-called smart guns."
Spectators will be taken on an \"emotional rollercoaster\" when they watch injured servicemen and women competing in the Invictus Games and not feel pity, Prince Harry has declared."
Level 3 Communications issued the statement below in reaction to steps taken at today's Federal Communications Commission meeting to unlock the market for business data services (formerly known as \"special access\" services)."
Beleaguered Canadian drugmaker Valeant Pharmaceuticals International filed its long-delayed annual report on Friday, in which it identified misstatements that would reduce some of its previously reported revenue."
Police are investigating after a man was shot multiple times in a Spokane bank."
A weasel has temporarily thwarted the search for mysterious subatomic particles."
Were the missing Tequesta, Florida teenagers, Perry Cohen and Austin Stephanos, abducted ?"
ArcBest Corp announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday."
Americans pay about 81.7 % of the federal taxes they owe on time, down slightly from previous estimates, the Internal Revenue Service said Thursday."
Nanometrics Incorporated -- DA Davidson increased their Q3 2016 earnings per share estimates for Nanometrics in a report released on Wednesday, Zacks Investment Research reports."
In some cities, business means international banking or large-scale manufacturing, but in Asheville, business usually means entrepreneurship and small enterprises."
Cooper Tire & Rubber Co released its quarterly earnings data on Friday."
The Jacksonville sheriff's office in Florida has fired and arrested an officer they say hit a woman who was handcuffed."
Researchers found that long-term exposure to environmental pollutants was associated with increased risk of mortality for many types of cancer in an elderly Hong Kong population.Newswise - Researchers have found that long-term exposure to environmental pollutants was associated with increased risk of mortality for many types of cancer in an elderly Hong Kong population."
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence endorsed Texas Sen. Ted Cruz on Friday, but not before lavishing praise on Donald Trump."
The House Republicans' Benghazi Committee not only still exists -- today is its 722nd day -- it also continues to make demands of the Pentagon."
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- \"A Beautiful Planet, \" a documentary about life on the International Space Station made in cooperation with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, is a much more cosmic, crunchy-granola experience than I ever expected coming from a Citadel of Science like NASA."
Dozens of people on board a cruise ship docked in Norfolk have been sickened by a norovirus."
The government on Friday rebutted allegations that Prime Minister Narendra Modi had struck a deal with Italy on AgustaWestland case and said the central issue was corruption and any other effort to divert from it was \"misleading\"."
New Delhi : BJP leader Subramanian Swamy on Friday submitted a breach of privilege notice in the Rajya Sabha against Congress leader Gulam Nabi Azad for \"lying\" that the UPA government had blacklisted helicopter maker AgustaWestland and its Italian parent Finmeccanica."
Ratings agency Standard & Poor's said on Friday it expected Britons to vote to remain in the European Union by a small majority in a June 23 referendum, but that the risk of leaving was a negative for the country's creditworthiness."
Virtus Investment Partners Inc announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday."
Drake has unveiled the tracklist for his fourth studio album Views."
In this February file photo, Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore laughs before the State of the State address."
Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS."
Community Bankers Trust Corporation (the \"Company\"), the holding company for Essex Bank (the \"Bank\"), today reported results for the first quarter of 2016."
More than 30 lions rescued from circuses in Colombia and Peru are to be flown to a sanctuary in South Africa."
Horry County Schools has agreed to let a transgender student use the boys' bathroom after he was suspended for using the \"wrong\" bathroom."
The Scottish Government's ` named person' scheme could involve recruiting housing officers and charities to \"spy\" on families, campaigners against the legislation have claimed."
China recently denied a request from a U.S. aircraft carrier for a port visit in Hong Kong, the State Department said Friday, in an apparent sign of mounting tension in the disputed South China Sea."
CoreSite Realty Corp issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday."
Several Utah police officials are joining in calls to change Brigham Young University's practice of opening honor code investigations into students after they report being sexually assaulted, as more sexual assault victims reach out to police to say they have felt silenced by the policy."
If Finland joined NATO it would lead to a serious crisis with neighbouring Russia."
A court has jailed a construction manager at Russia's new Vostochny cosmodrome, a day after the first rocket was launched from the site."
Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny's Fine Gael party was on Friday poised to form a minority government after striking a deal with its longtime rival Fianna Fail, following inconclusive elections in February."
The Supreme Court on Friday rejected an emergency appeal to stop Texas from enforcing its challenged voter ID law."
Atlantic City's casinos \" want an immediate vote on bills in the state Legislature that would help the casinos and let the state take over the city's finances."
Issues Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS."
Thousands of landlords will be locked out of the buy-to-let market after the market's second biggest lender severely tightened its criteria."
It's easy to think, based on the marketing, that the first feature film from acclaimed comedy duo Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele will be a hundred minutes of an adorable kitten dressed in a do-rag and gold chain for easy laughs, but Keanu is so so much more than that."
The number of rigs exploring for oil and natural gas in the U.S. dropped by 11 this week to 420, again reaching an-time low amid depressed energy industry prices."
State Route 99 through downtown Seattle will fully close 12:01 a.m. on Friday."
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Churchill Downs, Incorporated 2016 First Quarter Conference Call."
Iranians started voting Friday in second round elections for almost a quarter of parliament's seats, the latest political showdown between reformists and conservatives seeking to influence the country's future."
Territorial Bancorp Inc will be releasing its earnings data on Thursday, April 28th."
Digirad Corporation today reported its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
Hillary Clinton will campaign in Kentucky, West Virginia and Ohio next week."
Banco Santander of Spain said on Wednesday that its profit declined 5 percent in the first quarter as fluctuations in the British poundand other currencies, as well as a deterioration in lending and fee income, weighed on its results."
Assembly Democrats want to know why Gov. Scott Walker's administration delayed informing the public that a blood infection was spreading in Wisconsin."
Venezuela's largest brewer says it has shut down beer production at the last of its four factories due to a shortage of imported supplies."
Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS."
A bus depot worker has appealed for someone to give a new home to a dog abandoned on a London bus."
Shares Up 7.9 % After Strong Earnings."
Hersha Hospitality Trust (\"Hersha\" or the \"Company\"), owner of upscale hotels in urban gateway markets, today announced results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
Anti-abortion activists accused of falsifying records to secretly videotape Planned Parenthood officials in Houston have rejected a plea deal that would have effectively put an end to criminal charges against them, their lawyers confirmed Friday."
Welcome to the AptarGroup's 2016 First Quarter Conference Call."
Meghann Foye, 38, has no children, but she still thinks she is entitled to some of the same perks as women who benefit from maternity leave."
The U.S. Justice Department has launched a criminal investigation into Dole Food Co. over a Listeria outbreak linked to four deaths in the U.S. and Canada and multiple other illnesses."
The Eastern Company announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday."
SEATTLE - A coal-export terminal proposed along the Columbia River in southwest Washington state could have unavoidable, significant impacts on greenhouse gases emissions, vessel traffic and rail safety."
Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and Inphi Corporation (IPHI - Snapshot Report) may be one such company."
BOULDER, Colo. - A judge is set to sentence a Colorado woman convicted of attempted murder after cutting a nearly 8-month-old fetus from a stranger's womb."
A Special Investigations Unit report that absolved Toronto police of any wrongdoing in the shooting death of Andrew Loku has been released - albeit in heavily-redacted form."
Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc's drug for psychosis linked to Parkinson's disease was approved in the United States on Friday, becoming the first treatment for the condition to get a nod in the country."
Thanks to new electronic glasses, a fifth grader who has been legally blind his entire life recently had to the chance to see his mother for the first time."
Hawaii awarded eight licenses Friday for medical marijuana dispensaries - but not to Woody Harrelson."
Clearwater Paper Corp released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday."
Auto safety gear maker Autoliv reported a bigger than expected rise in first quarter core earnings on Friday and raised its forecast for like-for-like sales this year while affirming its margin outlook."
Shenandoah Telecommunications Company's share price traded up 3.9 % during mid-day trading on Friday following a stronger than expected earnings report, Marketbeat reports."
A PRIMARY school told it \"requires improvement\" by Ofsted has been described as an example of how academy status does not guarantee success."
Earlier this month, SpaceX successfully landed the first stage of a giant rocket on a robotic barge at sea."
Damn Daniel, \" a viral video made by two teenage boys, helped boost sales of Vans shoes."
Could Anderson Cooper be the next costar on \"LIVE With Kelly and Michael\" ?"
Reports First Quarter 2016 Financial Results ; Revenues of $1.7 Billion and EPS of $1.29."
The U.S. Marshals Service released photos Thursday of a man wanted for murder, attempted murder and 5 armed robberies committed in Alabama or Florida."
The government on Friday released income-tax data since the fiscal year 2000-2001, giving insight into income trends in the country that Prime Minister Narendra Modi later termed a \"landmark decision\"."
CAMPBELLTON, N.B. - A New Brunswick judge is expected to rule today on a case involving 14 cases of beer that could have implications on cross-border trade in Canada."
NeoPhotonics Corp. on Thursday reported first-quarter profit of $2.3 million."
Pyongyang has sentenced a Korean-American man to 10 years of hard labor for subversion."
The Opposition on Friday mounted an assault on the Centre over its alleged failure to check violent incidents in Jharkhand following the hanging of two Muslim cattle traders in March, demanding a parliamentary panel be set up to probe the matter."
IT major Mindtree co-founder Subroto Bagchi will head Odisha Skill Development Authority that would overseeing skill development programmes in the state."
MERRIMACK, N.H. - PC Connection Inc. on Thursday reported first-quarter net income of $9.1 million."
Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler is a fan of Comcast's plan to bring its TV service to customers without traditional set-top boxes."
Amid puffs of smoke outside of Vancouver's City Hall, many marijuana dispensary owners say they intend to stay open beyond today's deadline for unlicensed shops to close."
Google has a penchant for far-out tech that never reaches the market."
Digi International reported quarterly earnings results on Thursday, Apr-28-2016."
Smartphone shipments in China plunged in the first quarter, falling more than the global market, a new report shows, a stat that could worry the world's biggest phone makers including Apple and Huawei."
Senators confirmed Air Force Gen. Lori Robinson as the new head of U.S. Northern Command during wrap-up work late Thursday, making her the first woman to serve as a combatant commander."
The chronic inflammatory skin disease psoriasis was associated with type 2 diabetes, body mass index and obesity in a study of Danish twins, and the study also suggests the possibility of a common genetic cause between psoriasis and obesity."
Pictured is an example of one of the pinwheels that can be planted in the caregiver garden at the Greencastle Relay for Life."
Bill Piper is senior director of national affairs for the Drug Policy Alliance."
Orthofix International NV updated its FY16 earnings guidance on Thursday."
Workers in fields and factories face an epidemic of heat-related injuries that will devastate their health, income and productivity as climate change takes hold, a major UN report has warned."
Thousands of Argentines have staged a noisy protest against job cuts imposed under President Mauricio Macri's economic reforms."
The third batch of 25 declassified files on Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose will be released on Friday."
The government on Friday mounted an aggressive defence of its handling of the AgustaWestland case, even as it dismissed reports of Prime Minister Narendra Modi cutting a deal with the Italian government on the Marines case."
SEVERAL of the Edinburgh schools closed due to safety concerns won't re-open until August."
Opponents of Britain's European Union membership have edged into the lead over the past two weeks, according to a YouGov poll which indicated President Barack Obama's intervention failed to swing support behind \"In\" vote in a June 23 referendum."
Rescuers in the Kenyan capital Nairobi are searching for dozens of people feared trapped after the collapse of a six-storey building in heavy rain."
In a major breakthrough, scientists at the Gladstone Institutes transformed skin cells into heart cells and brain cells using a combination of chemicals."
The management team interested in buying Tata Steel's UK assets have appointed an investment banker as non-executive director."
The FMCG major posts net profit at Rs 138.43 crore due to growth in domestic and international markets."
One person has been arrested in connection with last week's violence in Aligarh Muslim University."
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence endorsed Texas Sen. Ted Cruz on Friday, but not before lavishing praise on Donald Trump."
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission on Friday said there is strong television broadcaster interest in an upcoming spectrum auction and announced an initial target of clearing 126 MHz of spectrum."
Hillary Clinton said on Friday that dealing with criticism from Donald Trump is no big deal because she had experience dealing with men \"who get off the reservation.\"."
Nah, this is a Mass Effect theme park attraction, and it's real."
Beijing wants to establish a relationship with Japan based on \"cooperation, not confrontation\", China's foreign minister told his Japanese counterpart Saturday."
Russia said on Saturday it had sent a fighter plane on Friday to intercept a U.S. aircraft approaching its border over the Baltic Sea because the American plane had turned off its transponder, which is needed for identification."
Bernie Sanders insists he will go to the bitter end of the Democratic primary process, even after a series of defeats Tuesday pushed the presidential nomination further from his reach."
Republicans are headed to Mesa on Saturday for the state party convention, where they'll elect 55 of 58 delegates to the national GOP convention."
Trinamool Congress leader Firhad Hakim's remarks to describe his Muslim-dominated assembly constituency Garden Reach as a \"mini Pakistan\" to a Pakistani journalist has triggered a huge row with the BJP immediately slamming the TMC legislator and minister and taking a dig at Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee."
Active broad-market exchange-traded funds in Friday's regular session ."
Unnat Jyoti by Affordable LEDs for All -- will be implemented across the country by 2019, Minister for Power and Coal, Piyush Goyal said on Saturday."
Hillary Clinton said on Friday that dealing with criticism from Donald Trump is no big deal because she had experience dealing with men \"who get off the reservation.\"."
A FORMER member of ISIS who appeared in the terror group's beheading videos reveals why he turned his back on the \"caliphate\"."
UNESCO recently adopted a resolution that completely ignores the Jewish historical, religious and Biblical ties to the Temple Mount and the Western Wall area in Jerusalem."
India will tour West Indies in July-August for a four-match test series which will mark the resumption of bilateral ties between them, the cricket boards announced on Saturday."
Filming on the Maze Runner movie has been halted because of injuries suffered by its star Dylan O'Brien."
Xiaomi has already confirmed that May 10 event will see the launches of the Mi Max smartphone alongside the new MIUI 8 ROM and new Mi Band 2."
DALLAS (/AP) -- A tornado in East Texas caused severe damage and left some people injured Friday evening, as storms snaked their way across northern and eastern Texas and southern Oklahoma."
A Chinese company has debuted a new sports clothing brand that closely resembles Under Armour."
LONDON Britain's top share index fell on Friday, putting it on course for a second straight weekly drop as travel and finance stocks were hit by poorly received updates from IAG and RBS."
Kinder Morgan's controversial gas pipeline may be dead, but the state is still considering whether to allow utilities and energy companies to charge Massachusetts electricity customers tariffs to cover the cost of building another pipeline."
Ebola virus samples taken from patients in Liberia in June 2015 are strikingly similar in their genetic makeup to other Ebola virus sequences from Western Africa, according to research published online today in the journal Science Advances."
Ted Cruz is just one of a few \"good men\" in the Republican primary race."
The Obama administration wants federal agencies to stop asking early questions about some job applicants' criminal history, part of an effort to help ex-convicts enter the job market and decrease the number of those who end up back in prison."
EL PASO, Texas A teenage girl died at Del Sol Medical Center after being thrown from The Sizzler ride at the St. Thomas Aquinas Church carnival in east El Paso."
The Mitsubishi auto plant, land and contents have been sold to a Michigan firm that will take possession on June 1."
Enova International Inc. on Thursday reported first-quarter net income of $9.9 million."
Walgreens wants you to know the difference between a vaporizer and an edible - the marijuana kind."
Puerto Rico's health secretary says the island has recorded its first Zika-related death amid an outbreak of the mosquito-borne virus."
The inter-ministerial Telecom Commission on Saturday proposed voluntary retirement scheme for state-run MTNL employees who are 50 years of age and above."
Allan Leighton, the chairman of the Co-operative Group, is understood to be considering a rescue bid for part of BHS, nine years after leaving the chain."
LONG BEACH, Calif. - A judge who said police improperly targeted gay men in sting operations has dismissed charges of lewd conduct and indecent exposure against a man who was arrested in a public bathroom."
At least two unknown assailants hacked a Hindu tailor to death in central Bangladesh Saturday amid a rise in attacks on religious minorities by extremist groups in the Muslim-majority nation."
AstraZeneca is increasing its focus on cancer treatments in a drive to streamline operations after underlying earnings, hit by drug patent expiries, fell 12 percent in the first quarter, broadly in line with analyst expectations."
Johannesburg - EFF supporters, including some as young as 12, made their way to Orlando Stadium in Soweto on Saturday, where Julius Malema launched the party's election manifesto."
Gov. John Kasich on Friday was pressed by a man in California to answer whether or not he believed people are born gay, setting off a lengthy and somewhat testy exchange that resulted in the Republican presidential candidate declaring that he believes gay people are \"probably\" born that way."
On 21st the YMCA of Frederick County is holding a free community event to inspire more kids to keep their minds and bodies active."
Harvard Bioscience reported its financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2015."
Up to 30 Conservative MPs could rebel in a Commons vote against David Cameron's refusal to let child refugees in Europe into Britain."
Montreal appears to be getting closer to getting a new multi-billion dollar transit system."
GOP, Cruz hits key issues of jobs, over regulation."
At least 17 were killed and 35 wounded when a car bomb exploded Saturday in southeast Baghdad."
It was not a great start for the U.S. economy."
GOP, Cruz hits key issues of jobs, over regulation."
Law enforcement officers across the Denver metro area collected hundreds of pounds of prescription drugs on Drug Take Back Day."
Banks and building societies have been urged to be more aware of ` digitally-excluded' older people, in a report from the charity Age UK."
Hundreds of left-wing demonstrators have tried to block people entering a right-wing party conference in the German city of Stuttgart."
The son of a London bus driver, Sadiq Khan has had a remarkable rise into the upper echelons of British politics."
Apr 30 2016 9:22 PM | Updated Date : Apr 30 2016 9:22 PM."
Nathan \"Nate\" Harris, 19, a walk-on football player at Troy University and a former gridiron star at Gulf Shores High School, died in a motorcycle wreck Saturday morning, his former high school coach told FOX10 News."
Walt Whitman was a man wise beyond his time in the ways of diet and exercise."
The bison could soon become the national mammal of the United States."
More than 475 people walked around Greenfield Lake Saturday to raise awareness for multiple sclerosis, MS."
Donald Trump claims that he \"loves\" women, \"cherishes\" women, and that as president he will be great for women."
Officials say a Confederate monument will be removed from near the University of Louisville campus."
Michael Benigno, a spokesman for the Jesuits USA Northeast Province, says Berrigan died Saturday at a Jesuit infirmary at Fordham University."
Intel has had a pretty rocky road in terms of smartphones and mobile in general."
Uber and advocates for the blind have reached a lawsuit settlement in which the ride-hailing company agrees to require that existing and new drivers confirm they understand their legal obligations to transport riders with guide dogs or other service animals, an advocacy group announced Saturday."
Although the Zika epidemic has been declared an international health emergency, fighting the mosquitoes that spread it will be a profoundly local battle."
When Mickey the Beekeeper got a call about thousands of hive-less honey bees in the backyard of a home on Summit Avenue on Friday, he didn't hesitate to bring them a hive he'd made himself."
More than one-third of children and teenagers with autism wandered away from safe environments within the past 12 months, according to a Long Island doctor who can't determine when they are in danger."
Even though Tesla's autopilot function is considered an impressive piece of technology, some argue that it isn't as advanced as the American car manufacturer claims."
BUSINESS activity in China's non-manufacturing sector expanded at slower pace in April, official data showed on Sunday."
NASA has just provided a whopping $14.5 million to the Science Museum of Minnesota to help promote education on space and Earth sciences."
Actor Will Ferrell will not be participating in a comedy about former U.S. President Ronald Reagan's struggles with dementia, after the family of the late Reagan criticised the project."
The United States Saturday demanded that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's forces halt their bombardment of Aleppo and help restore a nationwide ceasefire, with Secretary of State John Kerry due to head to Geneva for talks on the conflict."
Nurofen maker Reckitt Benckiser faces a major headache this week as investors line up a big protest against the # 23m pay package prepared for its chief executive Rakesh Kapoor."
UK telecom giant Vodafone has mandated Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Kotak and UBS as joint global co-ordinators for the IPO of its Indian unit."
President Obama has attempted to defend his recent Supreme Court pick."
Supporters of U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz prevailed over backers of front-runner Donald Trump in a fight Saturday over delegates to the national Republican party convention, delegates that could help decide who becomes the GOP presidential nominee."
Hulu has given a series order to The Handmaid's Tale, a show based on Margaret Atwood's 1985 novel of the same name."
There is new information on the killings of eight family members in rural Ohio."
Thousands are expected to rally in cities across the United States on Sunday for immigrant and worker rights and against what they see as hateful presidential campaign rhetoric."
The Central Information Commission on Friday directed the universities of Delhi and Gujarat to give information on degrees earned by PM Narendra Modi to chief minister Arvind Kejriwal, who had sought the details through an RTI application."
With the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) in charge of the commodity market, investors are getting their confidence back as the turnover of commodity exchanges grew 9 per cent to Rs."
Two more European refiners have booked oil cargoes from Iran since sanctions were lifted on Tehran which is ramping up production to regain market share."
ACT.md recently reported positive preliminary results from a multiyear project - in partnership with Boston Medical Center and Baystate Health - using the company's \"Collaborative Consultative Care Coordination Program\" to measure improvements in quality of life, family engagement, and healthcare costs for children affected by medically complex conditions like cystic fibrosis."
US President Barack Obama cracked jokes on himself, mocked journalists and lampooned Republican frontrunner Donald Trump in his final outing as comic-in-chief at the star-studded White House correspondents' dinner today, ending his gig by dropping the mic and saying : \"Obama out.\"."
Philippine military and police officials say Abu Sayyaf militants have freed 10 Indonesian tugboat crewmen who were seized at sea in March and taken to a jungle encampment in the southern Philippines."
International Energy Agency chief Fatih Birol said on Sunday that oil prices may have bottomed out, providing that the health of the global economy does not pose a concern."
The iconic elephants of the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will parade into a Rhode Island arena for their final performance Sunday, ending a classic feature of \"The Greatest Show on Earth\" that began in the \"big top\" circus tents 145 years ago."
Following the Target Corporation's decision to allow transgender customers and employees to use whichever bathroom they prefer, the retail brand's stock has slightly fallen."
Hundreds of rowdy protesters broke through barricades and threw eggs at police outside a hotel where Donald Trump addressed the state's Republican convention."
The AEOI spokesperson said Sat."
Italian police issued arrest warrants on Thursday for six people suspected of conspiring to join the Islamic State terror group, and court documents said three of them had been discussing possible attacks on the Israeli embassy and the Vatican in Rome."
Republican officials aren't at all pleased with the prevailing political winds, or the likelihood of Donald Trump becoming the party's presidential nominee."
Claims Labour has a problem with antisemitism are a \"smear\" against the party, one of Jeremy Corbyn's closest allies has said."
The Central Bureau of Investigation has registered a preliminary enquiry into the alleged sting operation involving former Uttarakhand chief minister Harish Rawat."
Exxon Mobil has seen its stock price drop minimally in comparison to the other oil majors."
The Brussels Airport is reopening its departure hall for the first time since deadly Islamic extremist attacks on March 22."
Children living in an area of New York state that uses aerial pesticides to control mosquitoes have a higher rate of autism than children in neighboring areas, a new study finds."
WASHINGTON -- A train derailed Sunday morning in Northeast, D.C., with at least one car leaking hazardous materials."
The grey-and-black jacket was worn by the late singer in the film, most memorably during the scene in which he rides through the woods with leading lady Apollonia, reported Contactmusic."
State-backed Royal Bank of Scotland has posted a loss of # 968m for the first quarter of 2016."
On a day the ban on diesel-run cabs came into effect, taxi aggregator Uber on Sunday brought back surge pricing in Delhi, prompting Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal to warn the operators of \"strong action\"."
When the ` Ghostbusters' remake's trailer came out in March, the reactions ranged from disinterest to outright loathing."
Malia Obama, President Barack Obama's oldest daughter, will take a gap year after high school before attending Harvard University in fall 2017."
One police officer was martyred and 13 people were wounded on Sunday in a car bomb attack in front of a police headquarters in Turkey's southeastern province of Gaziantep, the provincial governor Ali Yerlikaya said in a statement."
Today, workers all over the world will be celebrating their day."
RED DEER - A group of Alberta conservatives are calling for the formation of a new party to patch up the fractured political right in the province."
Jeff City Beat\" is a weekly report on happenings in Missouri's state government."
Lin-Manuel Miranda's sizable extended family reside in a small northern town tucked amid rolling hills and a lush landscape, a community that exudes warmth and where everyone is known in the neighborhood."
CHICAGO -- A new $90 million hotel will be built on Navy Pier."
THE former deputy prime minister has told how he had grown \"increasingly bemused\" by Ruth Davidson's attempts to position the Scottish Conservatives as the party to safeguard the Union."
The section of the Appalachian Trail closed by the Rocky Mtn Fire in Shenandoah National Park is now open, \" said Superintendent Jim Northup."
Sport Chalet gift cards and store credits will continue to be honored in Sport Chalet stores through May 15, 2016."
Before his death, fans searching online for Prince were likely to find just a handful of his performance videos and almost none of his recorded music."
At a recent \"town hall\" debate Hillary Clinton announced that she would appoint a Cabinet that is half female if she is elected president."
Republican front-runner Donald Trump holds a 15-point lead over Ted Cruz in Indiana, which holds its primary on Tuesday, according to a new NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll."
A VOTER turnout of 78.25 per cent marked the fifth and penultimate phase of Assembly polls in West Bengal."
A 15-year-old boy who sustained a bullet injury to his head while taking a selfie with his father's revolver, died on Sunday at a hospital in Ludhiana district of the north Indian state of Punjab."
Sen. Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign raised $25.8 million in April, a notable decline from a month earlier, when he raised $44 million."
Too often I see those in solidarity with Palestinians lose the plot and allow opponents to grab the agenda and deflect attention from where the suffering really exists."
Canadians could be forgiven for assuming P.E.I. residents are all feeling a sense of relief as Sen. Mike Duffy -- the Island's most high-profile political export -- prepares to return to the Senate this week after a three-year hiatus punctuated by intrigue, scandal and, finally, vindication in a court of law."
Turkish police have fired tear gas at May Day protesters in Istanbul."
The German government is considering stopping its \"unconditional support\" of Israel, German weekly Der Spiegel reported on Friday."
An odd, tailless comet that made a fleeting pass into the inner solar system in 2014 before heading back out to the distant Oort cloud actually may have been visiting close to its birthplace."
A Palestinian brother and sister who were killed during an attempted stabbing attack against Israeli forces at the Qalandiya checkpoint in the West Bank last week were shot by civilian security guards and not Israeli police, a report by the Israeli daily Haaretz reveals."
Connecticut Governor Dannel P. Malloy received the 2016 John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award on Sunday for his public support of resettling Syrian refugees in the U.S."
Burbank Police DepartmentTom Angel, a top official with the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, was at the center of a controversy surrounding offensive emails he sent."
Workers will get a $200 million boost from the labour movement and Government to upgrade their skills."
THE Army captain who died while running the London Marathon was planning to propose to his girlfriend, she has revealed."
The 2016 presidential campaign rumbled into Indiana Sunday focused on Tuesday's critical primary, even as front-runners Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump itched to fully engage in the one-on-one battle they cast as inevitable."
Thousands are expected to rally in cities across the United States on Sunday for immigrant and worker rights and against what they see as hateful presidential campaign rhetoric."
Hundreds of union members, students, workers and activists gathered Sunday to mark International Workers' Day, also known as May Day."
President Barack and Obama and his wife Michelle's elder daughter will take a year off after graduating from high school and attend the prestigious Harvard University in 2017."
We've been hearing rumors about the new iPhone 7 for several months now."
The U.S. Department of Justice has requested that Daimler AG conduct an internal investigation of its emissions certification process."
DETROIT - A Detroit water official says crews will begin shutting off service on Monday to people behind on bill payments."
A U.S. senator is calling for a federal investigation into an outdoor advertising company's latest effort to target billboard ads to specific consumers."
The RBI's proposal to regulate peer-to-peer lending, in which online platforms connect borrowers to people with money to lend for a fee that covers services like preliminary creditworthiness profiling, repayment and recovery facilitation, is welcome."
Halliburton Co. and Baker Hughes Inc. are preparing to call off their $28 billion merger, which has met stiff antitrust resistance from regulators in the U.S. and Europe."
Tips in restaurants, hotels and bars should go to workers and not their employers."
The global coffee giant, Starbucks, is being sued for $5million over the amount of ice it puts in its iced drinks."
After a half-century of waiting, passengers finally set sail on Sunday from Miami on an historic cruise to Cuba."
Trade unions and other groups are staging rallies around the world to mark International Workers Day, with some demonstrations marked by violence."
Bernie Sanders acknowledged Sunday that his \"uphill climb\" to the Democratic nomination depends on winning over superdelegates, the elected officials, lobbyists and other party insiders who are free to back either candidate."
India is not the reason behind the delay in signing of the Free Trade Agreement with the European Union."
Tokyo stocks tumbled at the start of trade on Monday, following losses on Wall Street as a surging yen hurt exporters after trading resumed following a public holiday."
Hundreds of people marched through Seattle's Central District and downtown Sunday as part of May Day festivities to support immigrants and workers."
The 2016 presidential campaign rumbled through Indiana Sunday focused on Tuesday's critical primary, even as front-runners Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump itched to fully engage in the one-on-one battle they cast as inevitable."
Tyler Glenn of Neon Trees singles out the Mormon church in the music video for the song \"Trash.\"."
The CIA\" s media wing is tweeting a \"real time\" account of the raid that killed Osama bin Laden."
India's Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, which may soon win parliamentary approval, would significantly strengthen the hand of banks in resolving a $100 billion bad loan headache."
Prince suffered from ongoing sore throats and an upset stomach, the singer's personal chef said in an interview with The Associated Press."
A fire is burning right on the outskirts of Fort McMurray."
The union representing Detroit Public Schools' more than 2, 600 teachers called for a district-wide sick-out on Monday, which could potentially shut down all the schools serving more than 46, 000 students."
Thousands of May Day demonstrators marched and rallied peacefully in downtown Los Angeles on Sunday -- some speaking out in support of workers and immigrants, others criticizing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump."
The Central Bureau of Investigation will on Monday question former IAF chief SP Tyagi in connection with its probe into the alleged corruption in the AgustaWestland choppers deal."
Two police officers were injured and several people arrested on Sunday when a group of May Day demonstrators turned unruly, throwing rocks and bottles and breaking windows, the Seattle police department said."
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls said on Monday he was committed to building all of a new Australian submarine fleet in Australia, apparently contradicting the French contractor who said last week the deal would create jobs in France."
Donald Trump's victories in a series of Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic states over the past two weeks have made one thing clear : He is the clear favorite for the Republican presidential nomination."
Across the world, Orthodox Christians are celebrating Easter, commemorating the day followers believe that Jesus was resurrected more than 2, 000 years ago."
TV attack ads are already flying in Pennsylvania's U.S. Senate race."
The US has been putting pressure on Europe to scrap environmental legislation in trade talks and allow corporate lobbying to take precedence in decision-making."
Earlier in the week we reported that the upcoming Call of Duty : Infinite Warfare has a Legacy Edition that ships with a remaster of Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare."
During a rally in Fort Wayne, Indiana, Donald Trump was railing about the trade deficit with China, when he said this : \"We can't continue to allow China to rape our country, and that's what they're doing.\"."
Nesting season for sea turtles begins on Sunday in northwest Florida, with environmentalists hopeful that the number of female turtles coming ashore to lay eggs will continue on the upward trend of recent years."
Two bodies were pulled from the Los Angeles River amid the search two missing teenagers on Sunday."
DALLAS\" Federal safety officials are reviewing operations at Allegiant Air two years ahead of schedule, spurred by incidents including an aborted takeoff and a plane that landed low on fuel."
A mother who went missing in the New Zealand wilderness for four days with her daughter has described her terror at having to watch her daughter ` suffer and die slowly' before they were rescued."
Texas retail gasoline prices increased by 3 cents this week, to an average of $1.93 per gallon for regular unleaded fuel."
The global gluts that have plagued markets from crude oil to zinc are finally starting to subside, sending commodities to their biggest monthly gain since December 2010."
ON THURSDAY, May 5 voters will be going to the polls in the local elections."
A selloff in banking stocks pulled down the BSE Sensex and the broader Nifty on Monday."
An Australian entrepreneur has finally revealed what most of the tech world already suspected -- he is the creator of the mysterious digital currency, Bitcoin."
Paul McCartney met two of the women who helped inspire the Beatles' White Album classic \"Blackbird\" backstage at his Little Rock, Arkansas concert Saturday night."
The remains of Alex Lowe and David Bridges were found April 27 on Shishapangma, in Tibet."
Donald Trump hit out hard at Hillary Clinton and Ted Cruz on Sunday, sounding unapologetic two days before a key primary in Indiana he says will decide the Republican presidential race."
Microsoft said Friday it will provide technology and other services to the Republican National Convention, joining Google in participating in the event despite a pressure campaign from progressive groups that want the companies to pull out over Donald Trump."
More than 30, 000 people have backed a \"kid's strike\" boycott of the SATs exams next week."
We not be not the universe's first advanced civilization."
A fisherman hooked an endangered smalltooth sawfish at the Naples Pier Thursday."
Global Fashion Group, parent company of online fashion portal Jabong, has secured a funding of 300 million euros from Rocket Internet."
Last month, UnitedHealthcare, the nation's largest health insurer, announced it plans to withdraw from \"all but a handful\" of the Affordable Care Act marketplaces where it is currently operating."
Once again, we have a story about an Apple iPhone, a judge, and law enforcement officials who want the phone unlocked so that they can look for evidence on it."
Samsung has officially launched the Galaxy J5 and J7 2016 editions."
Gold rose to a fresh 15-month high on Monday, closing in on the $1, 300 resistance level as fresh weakness in the dollar lent support, but moves were muted in holiday-thinned trade."
South Korea's president arrived in Iran on Sunday for the first summit between the two countries since they established diplomatic ties in 1962."
Gov. Rick Scott's job hunting trip to California next week will not yield much in the way of high-paying job opportunities for Floridians."
Firefighters are battling a huge fire at a historic church in New York City."
Saudi Aramco, Princess Nourah University and Wipro Arabia Limited, a subsidiary of Wipro Limited today inaugurated the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia's first all women business and technology park."
OTTAWA - A Canadian-supported hospital in Syria was destroyed Friday in what an aid agency said was a deliberate air strike that has forced other hospitals in the area to shut down."
A Parliamentarian of the Trinamool Congress raised the AgustaWestland helicopter scam in Rajya Sabha on Monday and was asked to leave the House when he persisted even after his notice was rejected."
Synthetic cannabis is having a \"devastating impact\" in British prisons and making it difficult for normal life to continue in some facilities."
Helmerich & Payne Inc. on Monday reported fiscal second-quarter profit of $21.2 million."
This time of year means more time enjoying the sunshine and warmer weather."
The Union power minister recently announced that India will completely stop, in the next two-three years, coal imports for coal-fired power plants in the country."
Digiday, the company best known for its concise coverage of the shifting media industry, announced on Monday plans to extend its reporting to the realms of fashion and luxury with a new publication called Glossy."
The mosquito-borne Zika virus may be even more dangerous than previously thought."
The tech community is currently poring scorn on the news that Australian entrepreneur Craig Wright has revealed himself to be Bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto."
The team behind Solar Impulse 2 is preparing for take-off on Monday for the next leg of its flight, from California to Arizona."
More U.S. children are needing treatment for traumatic brain injuries such as concussions from injuries on the playground despite safety improvements in playground equipment -- a trend Canadian doctors see too."
Norway's sovereign wealth fund, the biggest in the world with shares in more than 9, 000 companies, will take a closer look at the controversial issue of executive pay."
The Toronto Public Library Board and 2, 200 library workers have reached a tentative four-year contract, the union confirmed Monday morning."
Democratic presidential nomination hopeful Hillary Clinton has surprisingly not said anything about H-1B visas in her presidential campaign."
Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked confirmed Monday her plans to spread Israeli law to Yehudah and Shomron."
ROME - A U.N. arbitration court has ruled that India should release an Italian marine, who has been detained in Delhi for more than four years, and allow him to return home, the Italian Foreign Ministry said on Monday."
Prince Harry will launch the countdown to the 2017 Invictus Games in Canada today -- as he gears up for this year's event in neighbouring America."
EdR, one of the nation's largest developers, owners and managers of high-quality collegiate housing communities, today announced results for the quarter ended March 31, 2016."
One of Saudi Arabia's most powerful firms, the Saudi Binladin Group, has laid off 77, 000 foreign workers, a Saudi daily reported on Monday."
Halyard Health is an American manufacturer of surgical gowns that's the subject of an Anderson Cooper 60 Minutes investigation."
Five Seattle police officers were injured and at least nine people arrested on Sunday night, after unruly demonstrators hurled projectiles and Molotov cocktails and broke windows."
Sysco Corp. (SYY - Analyst Report) markets and distributes a range of food and related products primarily to the foodservice or food-away-from-home industry."
Democrats in South Carolina have elected delegates to this year's National Convention."
Behind the California Barricades With Trump, Cruz and Mr. Bad Haircut."
Imagine, for a moment, that another country attacked the United States and killed 40, 000 Americans."
It has been a month since Tesla Motors Inc. unveiled its first ever affordable mass-market vehicle, the Model 3."
An executive from British consumer goods giant Reckitt Benckiser was slapped during an emotional news conference as he apologised on Monday over deadly lung injuries linked to the use of humidifier sterilizers marketed by the firm."
Last week, Iowa joined the ranks of states that have passed legislation to put a stop to the anti-Israel Boycott-Divestment-Sanctions Movement."
USA Today, Chicago Tribune and other newspapers are displayed at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, Monday, April 25, 2016, in Chicago."
Hulu is developing a subscription service that would stream feeds of popular broadcast and cable TV channels, WSJ reports, in a move that would make the company a competitor to traditional pay-TV providers and other new digital entrants."
BroadSoft Inc. shares dipped almost 2 % during the pre-market hours today, after the company announced first quarter of fiscal 2016 earnings results."
Alexander's, Inc. filed its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 today and reported ."
PLANO -- A single-engine plane made an emergency hard landing in Plano late Sunday morning."
The U.S. economy's manufacturing sector expanded in April but at a slower pace than the previous month."
Low interest rates are not a problem themselves, but they mirror the underlying problem of weak investment demand, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said Monday."
Aggressive growth of Baba Ramdev's Patanjali Ayurved in the oral care segment has made market leader Colgate-PalmoliveBSE 0.96 % take note."
On 9 May there will be a rare transit of Mercury, when the smallest planet in our Solar System will pass directly between the Earth and the Sun."
A six-year study has found that some contestents on NBC's \"Biggest Loser\" who lost hundreds of pounds gained much of the weight back, and provided clues to scientists about why many people fail to keep off lost weight."
Country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India Monday posted a 13.3 per cent rise in total sales in April at 1, 26, 569 units as against 1, 11, 748 units last year."
Researchers have found a trio of Earth-sized planets that orbit around a small, super-cool star nearly 40 light years away."
Hillary Clinton can not and will not win the Democratic nomination before the Democratic Convention this July."
The FBI has thwarted a plot to detonate an explosive device at a South Florida Jewish center and arrested one man on federal charges."
Virginia Republican leaders have hired a prominent conservative lawyer to lead an expected court challenge to Gov. Terry McAuliffe's recent order restoring voting rights for 206, 000 felons."
The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday declined a request from shareholders seeking to revive their class action lawsuit against BP claiming the British oil company misrepresented its safety procedures prior to the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill."
Investigators are on the scene of a shooting at a New Jersey Institute of Technology fraternity house that left one person dead."
NASA's Hubble Space Telescope has captured the image of UGC 477, a rare hidden galaxy located just over 110 million light-years away in the constellation of Pisces (The Fish)."
Today at EMC World 2016, EMC Corporation introduced a new family of storage systems, including all-flash, that is designed to help simplify and modernize the data center, Unity."
Bangalore-based DriveU, a firm that aggregates on-demand drivers for private car owners, has acquired Gurgaon-based on-demand driver service provider CallAtHome, for an undisclosed amount."
Gov. Rick Snyder has requested some face-to-face time with President Obama during president's planned May 4 visit to Flint to get a firsthand look at the city's ongoing water crisis."
Irish politician and Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams used a racial slur on his Twitter account late Sunday, days before his party is to contest regional elections in Northern Ireland."
There's been a sharp increase in the number of Texas women who are using the abortion pill to end their pregnancies now that federal officials have eased restrictions on the drug, according to officials at Planned Parenthood of Greater Texas."
Edinburgh Zoo bosses have embarked on a fresh attempt to see if the UK's only female giant panda can produce a cub."
Researchers at the University of Michigan have uncovered multiple design flaws in Samsung's SmartThings platform that could allow a malicious app to unlock doors, set home access codes, falsely set off smoke alarms, or put devices on vacation mode, among other attacks."
Insperity Inc issued an update on its second quarter earnings guidance on Monday morning."
Berlin from Sunday began restricting private property rentals through Airbnb and similar online platforms, threatening hefty fines in a controversial move meant to keep housing affordable for locals."
BANGKOK - A British couple and their son were savagely attacked during a family vacation in Thailand in the latest blow to the country's image as a welcoming tourist paradise."
Stanford University has developed an artificially intelligent humanoid diver robot that was able to successfully recover treasures from a 17th century shipwreck off the coast of France and bring items back up to the water's surface to researchers waiting in a boat."
Making its loans cheaper, the nation's largest lender State Bank of India today revised downwards its lending rates based on marginal cost of funds by 5 basis points to 9.15 per cent."
Front-runner Donald Trump said on Sunday that he will have essentially sealed the Republican U.S. presidential nomination if he wins Tuesday's contest in Indiana, where he holds a big lead over chief rival Ted Cruz."
Myers Industries has announced results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016."
A spat is brewing between Donald Trump supporters and party officials in New Hampshire over which delegates should hold posts on the powerful convention committees."
Beer lovers from New Brunswick are taking advantage of a judge's ruling that threw out charges based on the amount of alcohol a person can import from other provinces."
May 2 The consortium of banks tasked with placing a 1.5 billion euro ($1.7 billion) share sale by Banca Popolare di Vicenza will not be paid 60 million euros in fees after the transaction fell through."
The weird, dark streaks that appear and disappear seasonally on the Martian surface may be caused by boiling water, new research suggests."
Government of India has said that leaders representing the Hurriyat Conference are just like any other Indian citizen and that they can meet any representative from any nation in India, including Pakistan."
A new report by the Royal College of Physicians in the United Kingdom says electronic cigarettes (e-cigarettes) are much safer than smoking and encourages their widespread use by smokers."
Amazon said it will bring its Prime Now same-day delivery services to the Bronx after New York City elected officials criticized the e-commerce giant for excluding minority communities from the Prime Now footprint."
I was asleep when Larry Wilmore dropped his N-word bomb on President Obama at the White House Correspondents Dinner."
Today, 3rd of May is to celebrate the World Press Freedom Day around the world."
Ted Cruz's campaign says his choice for running mate, Carly Fiorina, is uninjured after falling on the campaign stage."
Two men who died when their plane crashed into a remote field are thought to have been RAF pilots."
The number of climate refugees could increase dramatically in future."
NASA's Curiosity Mars rover explores ` Namib Dune, ' where the vehicle scuffedinto the dune with a wheel and scooped samples of sand for laboratory analysis."
Disney says dozens of passengers aboard a Disney Wonder cruise out of Miami last week became ill with stomach-related symptoms."
Beleaguered vitamin-store chain GNC said its board has begun a strategic and financial review that may include a sale of the company."
Businesses better have good evidence to back up claims of health benefits from their products, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission said on Monday after the Supreme Court rejected POM Wonderful's challenge to FTC findings that the juice maker's advertising was misleading."
Heidi Cruz told the press on Monday that her husband is not the Zodiac Killer."
Donald Trump's landslide victories in five states on Tuesday have left the nomination within his grasp, but Cruz and Kasich haven't thrown in the towel."
Defense attorneys for a Georgia man accused of intentionally leaving his toddler son in a hot SUV to die have asked the judge to move his trial."
Oracle today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Opower, the leading provider of customer engagement and energy efficiency cloud services to utilities, for $10.30 per share in cash."
WhatsApp, Facebook's messaging service that recently rolled out end-to-end encryption to its users, will be blocked in Brazil for 72 hours, starting this afternoon."
Sen. Ted Cruz's wife Heidi said something on the campaign trail Saturday that could bring back up those pesky ` birther' problems."
From the Texas Tribune : The Obama administration has agreed to temporarily keep some federal Medicaid money flowing into Texas to help hospitals treat uninsured patients, a relief to health care providers that feared losing the funds over state leaders' refusal to provide health insurance to low-income adults."
The Democratic primary race isn't wrapped up yet but only one of the two remaining candidates is waging an all-out fight for the nomination."
The second stage of a joint European-Russian mission to search for signs of life on Mars will be delayed from 2018 to 2020, Russian news agencies reported on Monday."
American International Group Inc. will report its first quarter earnings after markets close Monday."
U.S. construction spending rose to an 8-1/2 - year high in March and the prior month's outlays were revised higher, pointing to sustained strength in the sector despite a sharp downturn in spending by energy firms."
Publix Super Markets on Monday said first-quarter sales of $8.7 billion increased by 4.5 % from the same period last year."
Being a small-business owner ain't easy, and the current political climate ain't making it any easier."
Intel has announced clarified strategies that focus on growth areas."
Seven of the 10 hospitals in the U.S. with the highest margins from patient care services in 2013 were not-for-profits, according to a new study in Health Affairs based on Medicare cost reports."
GOACOM - GOA - INDIA - INFORMATION AND SERVICES IN GOA."
Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS."
Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS -- sleekmoney."
The state in an application filed in the Supreme Court on Monday stated it either wants to be exempted from the National Eligibility Entrance Test, or be allowed to conduct its own entrance test until 2017."
Climate change has caused a drop in the amount of oxygen dissolved in the oceans in some parts of the world, and those effects should become evident across large parts of the ocean between 2030 and 2040, according to a new study led by researchers at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colorado."
Shares of Community Health Systems fell -3.79 % to $15.11 at 11:21 AM EDT."
Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer will receive $54.9 m in severance pay if she loses her job in the sale of the troubled internet firm."
Leicester City completed their fairytale quest for the Premier League title on Monday after Eden Hazard's stunning late goal earned Chelsea a 2-2 draw with second-place Tottenham Hotspur."
HOUSTON, May 2, 2016/PRNewswire/-- MRC Global Inc., the largest global distributor, based on sales, of pipe, valves and fittings and related products and services to the energy industry, today announced first quarter 2016 results."
Media mogul Sumner Redstone can be deposed at home in a short videotaped session ahead of a trial to resolve his ex-girlfriend's lawsuit over his mental competence, a California judge ruled tentatively on Monday, but the recording will not be seen by the public."
TriNet Group Inc announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday."
Famed college football coach Lou Holtz \"whole-heartedly\" endorsed Donald Trump for president on Monday."
Wall Street analysts are predicting that Anadarko Petroleum Corporation will report earnings per share of $-1.16 in their quarterly report."
Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS."
Bernie Sanders vowed to continue the Democratic primary past the last primary race in June, forecasting a much longer battle with Hillary Clinton than her allies had hoped.\"."
Pulp and paper company International Paper said it would buy the pulp business of real estate investment trust Weyerhaeuser for $2.2 billion in cash."
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has awarded more than $2.9 million to homeless housing and service programs across New Mexico."
The European Union executive will propose on Wednesday relaxing visa requirements for Turks after Ankara threatened to walk away from a migration agreement unless the EU eased travel rules for Turkish citizens."
An family heading home after spending the weekend visiting Wisconsin Dells was caught up in the string of shootings on Sunday that ended when a 20-year-old suspect accused of killing a man in West Allis was shot by deputies in Dane County."
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration today announced the launch of a historic public education campaign aimed at preventing and reducing tobacco use among lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender young adults ages 18-24."
Qualys Inc updated its second quarter earnings guidance on Monday."
Discretionary cash flow for the first quarter of 2016 was $, as compared to $10, 606, 000 for the comparable 2015 period."
Parliament on Monday cleared amendments to MMDR Act to enable transfer of previously allotted captive non-coal mines."
Gov. Bill Haslam said Monday he is allowing the guns-on-campus bill to become law without his signature."
Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS - Financial Market News."
Scientists say they now have a near-perfect picture of the genetic events that cause breast cancer."
Johnson & Johnson was ordered by a U.S. jury on Monday to pay $55 million to a woman who said that using the company's talc-powder products for feminine hygiene caused her to develop ovarian cancer."
BECN Beacon Roofing Supply Q2 EPS of $0.03, $0.25 better than the analyst estimate of ($0.22)."
Mattel introduced a Barbie doll of ballerina Misty Copeland, the first African-American woman to be named a principal dancer in the American Ballet Theater."
Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.14 EPS - Watch List News."
Uber drivers in New York state have formed an association to strengthen their hand in dealing with the ride-sharing service days after the company agreed to a $100 million settlement with drivers in two other states."
Reports First Quarter Diluted Earnings of $1.21 Per Share and Declares Dividend of 48 cents Per Share."
Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS."
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders' refusal to cede any ground in the Democratic presidential race to all-but-certain nominee Hillary Clinton is being treated more as a distraction than a threat by a campaign trying to solidly focus on Donald Trump and the general election."
The Seattle City Council on Monday voted 5-4 to reject giving up part of Occidental Avenue South to Chris Hansen so he can build a half-billion-dollar arena in Sodo."
A wave of venture investment into new manufacturing startups looks set to transform American manufacturing."
Wind turbines produced enough power to meet the needs of more than three-quarters of Scottish households in April."
Aegion Corp issued its earnings results on Monday."
Edison International today reported first quarter 2016 net income on a GAAP basis of $271 million, or $0.83 per share, compared to $299 million, or $0.92 per share, in the first quarter of 2015."
The anti-Semitism dispute bedeviling Britain's Labour Party ahead of an election Thursday has continued with the suspension of two city councilors."
Cognitive behavioral therapy, and not sleep drugs, should be the first-line treatment for chronic insomnia, according to new evidence-based clinical practice guidelines from the American College of Physicians."
For the entirety of its history until recently, Target had bathrooms and fitting rooms designated for men and for women."
Islamabad -- A two-member staff delegation of the United States House Foreign Affairs Committee assured Pakistani authorities of the US continued provision of military equipment and assistance with approval of the US Congress on Monday."
President Barack Obama chose Merrick Garland (far left) to the Supreme Court Wednesday."
Macau's April casino revenue dropped less than analysts estimated in a sign of stabilization as casinos shift their focus to attracting more casual gamblers and tourists."
As the dates of Kerala Assembly Elections are coming closer, it is being learnt that political arch rivals Prime Minister Narendera Modi and Congress president Sonia Gandhi along with Rahul have finalised their dates for holding high voltage campaign rallies in this southern state of India."
The UK government has embarked on a series of clandestine propaganda campaigns intended to bring about \"attitudinal and behavioural change\" among young British Muslims as part of a counter-radicalisation programme."
TULSA, Okla. - ONE Gas Inc. on Monday reported first-quarter net income of $64.7 million."
Thanks, but no thanks - that's interim Conservative leader Rona Ambrose's reaction to a nascent campaign seeking to allow her to run for permanent leadership of the party."
A Somali refugee who set herself on fire on Nauru has arrived in Brisbane for medical treatment."
Housing finance major HDFC Ltd on Monday reported a 30.76 per cent surge in consolidated net profit to Rs 3, 460.46 crore for the quarter ended March 31."
The Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture has asked the city of Cleveland to delay the demolition of the gazebo where 12-year-old Tamir Rice was fatally shot by police in 2014."
This week's topic : Should Premier Christy Clark fire the Vancouver School Board ?"
Between family and country, Pierre Karl Pladeau chose family."
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders is rejecting the Special Investigation Units' claim that a non-witness officer interfered with video footage of the shooting death of Andrew Loku."
Santa Clara County District Attorney charged former San Francisco 49er Dana Stubblefield on Monday with the rape of a developmentally disabled woman."
At least two persons were killed and eight others injured on Monday when the police opened fire on anti-dam activists trying to barge into a police station demanding release of a monk in the Tawang district of Arunachal Pradesh."
Prof Myles Allen is professor of geosystem science at Oxford University."
Retail Properties of America Inc released its earnings results on Monday."
The International Monetary Fund and others have recently revised downward their forecasts for global growth - yet again."
Republican Rep. Chris Gibson will not run for governor in 2018 despite his previous flirtations with a bid."
A new report from the U.S. Department of Justice asserts that South Dakota \"unnecessarily\" relies on nursing facilities to provide services and supports to people with disabilities, leaving them without home - or community-based care options."
A Dalit law student was allegedly raped and brutally murdered in Perumbavoor in Ernakulam district."
Otter Tail Corp. on Monday reported first-quarter profit of $14.5 million."
U.S. Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew warned that Puerto Rico may need a U.S. government bailout if Congress doesn't pass a bill that helps the island restructure its debt and prevents a series of \"cascading defaults.\"."
Bowing down to the political pressure from ruling the Shiv Sena, the Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport on Monday agreed to put on hold its earlier decision to close down 52 loss-making bus routes from May 1."
Researchers say they may have found the remains of the HMS Endeavour, the ship on which Captain James Cook first discovered the eastern coastline of Australia."
The Oculus Rift is coming to retail stores this weekend, and things just got a little more complicated for preorder customers."
Former New York Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver is set to learn how long he'll spend in prison following his conviction in a $5 million corruption case."
The forest fires in Uttarakhand, which have devastated acres of green cover in the hills, may have a lasting impact on the Himalayan glaciers and cause them to melt faster."
NASA astronaut Scott Kelly isn't just flying an epic one-year mission in space."
Work and Pensions Secretary Stephen Crabb has been warned there are \"serious\" design flaws in the UK Government's flagship welfare reform policy."
